stuff getting cluster fucked on accident
but once you start doing it
intentionally why don't you have to book
in the CIA literally clusterfuck stuff
on purpose flake jesus fucking christ
its bad enough it gets cluster fucked on
its own but then you get the CIA cluster
fucking shit on purpose i mean it's bad
enough it gets cluster fucked on its own
do you want to know why you want to know
why I'm the best programmer in the world
you see this this is the trend they
start it starts with hello like this
first year new professional seasoned
professional and master programmer okay
guess what I moved it backward okay I
moved it backward and that's why I'm the
smartest programmer that's ever lived I
took something that wants to be
clustered fucked and I made it simple I
took something that was cluster fucked
and I made it simple and beautiful
that's what I did
there's all these niggers that say oh
you should do this you should do this I go dude
if I wanted to make a piece of shit
clusterfuck I could do that but I don't
want to make a piece of shit clusterfuck
I want to make something beautiful it's
not a piece of shit clusterfuck okay any
nigger can make a piece of shit
clusterfuck okay any nigger can do that
okay
go fuck yourself Oh little india niggers
come in here this is what this is what
you get if you get an alien egg or you
get this shit I'll give Indian niggers
and stuff and you have the CIA aid
let me get an India monkey nigger you
start getting this shit
if you look at the code it will become
immediately obvious that I'm the
smartest programmer that's ever lived
it's immediately obvious
look at this I made an assembler I made
a compiler this is a ticket master
Beck's
Ticket Master that Troy wrote our
assembler I don't know how much was
original from Beck's syntax we use the
double colon that's where the double
colon comes from that was the Beck's
let's just look at that
I bet Troy used the same syntax a lot of
it was my first job was assembly
programming on a VAX operating system
for Ticketmaster
great
I've been paid to program in 6 different
assembly language instruction sets I've
had I've been paid to program in 6
different assembly language instruction
sets the fuck is that
back back
that girl isn't a surprise I just want
to see where that colon colon came from