let's be clear I'm literally the
smartest programmer that has ever lived
ok you can download watch this you want
to see why I'm the smartest programmer
that ever lived
let me show you how I can prove that I
am the smartest programmer that ever
lived
here's what you do go to my website do
download 2 megabyte ultra small distro
save file now download the 2 megabyte
distro ok
and now after we download the T megabyte
distro in my downloads directory this is
why I am literally the smartest
programmer that ever lived
ok I am literally the smartest program
on that ever lived ok ultra small two
point one megabyte you see that it's 2
point 1 megabyte ok we are going to this
is why I am the smartest programmer that
has ever lived a divine intellect new
virtual machine I can prove it very
easily okay we go to typical we go to
downloads do this ok follow along go to
the ultra small distro other 64-bit
other 64-bit that's fine now customize
the hardware there is no networking
there's no sound card ok so there's no
networking no small sound cards its 2.1
megabytes ok what do we have we have a
we have a cd-rom that I didn't put you
need more memory I'm going to give it 64
gigabytes and 16 cores I have a Xeon
it's a beast
ok so
I'm the smartest programmer that ever
lived this is a 2 megabyte file ok look
at this first of all it boots a live CD
that's 2 megabytes remember this is 2
megabytes it has an install it
automatically installs so we say yes are
you installing in VMware yes press the
key so right now it's installing this is
part of the 2 Meg it's making a C Drive
and a D drive partition it's making a
it's copying all the files to see and
then it's copying all the files to D
this is 2 megabytes you can do this Reds
on my website you can download the 10
megabyte thing do you want to reboot yes
so we do this is the bootloader I don't
use grub I made my own bootloader it
doesn't use grub it's part of the 2 Meg
remember this is on human grub alone is
probably bigger than two Meg so we do
one for the C Drive so we just booted
the operating system and if you hit
control M this is the this is the menu
here's an icon let's see
a lot so I am the smartest programmer
that has ever lived on this distro our
it's two megabytes it has a flight
simulator
it has a on this distro it's a it's 80
mm it's 82 thousand lines of code
here's adjusted here's a 64-bit first of
all it's 64-bit watch this okay okay
let's let's do it on this there's an
editor test dot fully C dot Z we can say
use 0 start all right let's say fuck you
and let's say ASM actually we don't need
that it um if it encounters an opcode it
knows it's assembly so we can say move
our ax fuck
I'm the smartest programmer that has
ever lived
with just what that does is it puts an
ASCII string into our ax that's because
I learned that at ticketmaster and I'm
the smartest programmer that has ever
lived so we have a C program here let's
see that did not work
let's put string put chars lucky didn't
crash okay
fuck this is why I'm the smartest
programmer that has ever lived
fuck you okay you see that now let's put
another one fuck you
cares your turn let's put another one
here fuck you Terry turn let's list it
let son assemble this one assemble one
assemble function fuck you here's the
assembly code it loads an ASCII string
into our ax cause foot chars then it
loads an ASCII string and cause put
chars now watch this this will blow your
fucking mind the smartest programmer
that ever lived
you can mix C and assembly
from the smartest fucking program ever
fucking left okay ireally compiler check
this shit out look at that see that fuck
you fuck you fuck you Mars programmer
Evelyn FK fucking 64-bit compiler 18,000
lines got a fucking kernel got a fucking
graphics library you see my fucking
graphics library it wrote the triangle
root still I wrote the I wrote the Cruz
my fucking graphics library we're at the
triangle fill all that shit in here I
have a video on how to write a triangle
fill and check this out we can put
sprite okay so some reason I'm the
smartest programmer on earth we have
graphics in the fucking source code
control are ready to make sprite let's
do let's do a 3d mesh how about that
let's do 3d mesh okay yes and okay let's
do prism thickness 25 okay
always going to fuck up I fucked up you
can't do con convex you can't do concave
okay anyway so this is not flash it is a
fucking 3d sprite let's put it in here
how about this sprite on the smartest
programmer ever fucking lived with you
why I'm the smartest programmer ever
fucking lift I'm telling you I have
divine fucking intellect we're going to
print that sprite watch this at the
command line
Devine fucking intellect see that look
at all those sprites see those sprites
let's move them over fucking Devine
fucking intellect I'm not up MIT nigger
I have a brain okay fuck you went to a
real school not a fucking CIA fucking
brainwashing place fucking CIA
brainwashing all they teach you is how
to be a fucking monkey nigger look at
this shit look at this fucking sprites
command line fuck you fuck yeah fuck
yeah I guess it watch this motherfucker
let's go to the kernel control D here's
the let's go to the kernel okay let's go
modify the kernel
you want to do the bootleg let's put
let's make a DLL how about that is that
so let's uh let's copy this fuck you
let's put it into a DLL okay so make um
let's just put it in here
how about that throw right here okay so
now when we boot let's do a quick boot
fast boot now there's a DLL fuck you
look at that now we go fuck you
let's make it do a startup and do a fuck
you the DLL okay let's go over here we
can do DLL fuck you
DLL okay fucking the smartest programmer
ever fucking leg motherfucker
let's do it in the startup after it
starts up let's get rid of that shit um
make um let's see okay folks you now
when we boot it's going to do that when
you reboot fastboot all you do it I'll
ask to Adam send me Adam it's up here
okay duh so it's in there fuck oh well
whatever okay that's the Adam task to do
it once
let's do please II was being caught once
used to be called do it once once that's
the HC let's see oh that's trippy oh
yeah okay now let me see okay I think
and get rid of all this shit gonna
happen yeah let's get relaxed shit okay
fuck fuck you okay now my reboot
we got when it starts up it does the
fuck you see that okay see that I know
what we do now we're going to make a
distro okay you know what a distro is
that's an ISO file let's make a make
distro we want to modify the kernel
don't we let's modify the kernel
otherwise you might think so we want all
the source code is here you can do a
mate call basically what we're talking
about is the kernel and the compiler
that's the only thing that you want to
do if you want to modify the compiler
and modify the kernel let's modify the
compiler so that at the command line it
says fuck you
so we'll go to option of these in here
command prompt order communal and prompt
okay so this is in the compiler it's
built into the compiler and what we want
to do is if you okay so now we're going
to recompile everything let's let's go
to the kernel and let's modify if you
want to modify the scheduler so what you
learn let's go to a well is end is the
fuck you nigger
fucking MIT nigger get the fuck out MIT
name for good a real school huh fuck you
fucking learn how to program
look you
always fighting the last war making them
eunuchs all you can think is UNIX is you
got fucking Munich's on your nigger
brain fighting the last word okay now we
go BB now we go we little boot hard disk
stall C and we want C C carriage turn
probe you have to tell it which drive
come out one for and I'll do we need the
cd-rom not what the fuck
originally installed I think we better
add that steep t probe that's gonna
become fucked up I think we don't want
to do that fucked up okay same - oh well
now let's make the distro go to home
directory this will make the distro an
exact district what the fuck is that
oh my god make home on make district do
distro okay let's do distro
this is going to make an ISO file I have
I have a I wrote a routine to make an
ISO file so what we have is a self
reproducing 100% all of the source code
look look on this disk okay there's the
boot loaders if you want to see the boot
loaders go to Adam option boot loaders
here's my here's my hard disk boot
loader use this inner up 13 interrupts
1342 all it does is it loads the kernel
and starts it in real mode and the
kernel changes too
active mode we have multi-core did you
see we have multi-core because we have
multi-core started up on this side the
smartest fucking programmer that ever
fucking live I have to fucking divine in
all I shall suck my fucking cock you
fucking nigger fuck you okay fuck you
okay fuck you fucking nigger fucking
nigger so now you know mount virtual
desk fucking divine intellect okay fuck
you
and we go to
here we're mounting the disc and we
mount it now we're going to go to the
mount point and fucking few Meg's that
has a flight simulator compiler kernel
editor
it even has graph it as it has a sprite
editor a mesh creator 3d mesh creator it
has a I'm on the fucking I have divine
fucking intellect fucking nigger you saw
god fucking talking with the fuck's your
malfunction get your ass beat you little
fucking CIA nigger fuck you man fuck
your shit up little fucking CIA nigger
fucking come and mess with God you get
your ass fucking kicked you the fucking
nigger you know how this ends the CIA
sucks my cock that's how this fucking
ends ok that's how this fucking ends you
knew it you know is going to happen so
now we're just got this ISO file from
now I'm going to unmount it so what do
we do we go to CIA sucks my cock that's
always fucking ends because it's fucking
God and I have divine fucking intellect
ok that's how it's fucking ends and then
denial you fucking nigger divine fucking
intellect ok so now we created an ISO
file now we're going to new virtual
machines typical we're going to choose
the just approved that it's fucking
going to my distro 64-bit
other 64bit to split customize hardware
we have no networking no sound card to
Meg we can verify fiume USPS to Meg okay
we get fuckin smartest programmer ever
fucking leg fucking divine intellect I
just fuckin proved it now we're loading
the the ISO that's created
fuck you and mighty nigger did you see
that that was during the boot space now
we got this fucking shit you see that
because fuck you fuck you a mighty
nigger now we go to like simulator see
this shit fuck you live in my teenager
I'm going to talk to the smartest
programmer I ever fucking live but cage
suck my fucking cock
so we wrote how did we get divine
fucking intellect off fuck you little
fucking CIA nigger put monkey leader
how'd that happen huh huh huh yeah it's
right motherfucker
trash kicked