so there's something called idolatry
which is where you consult a material
object as a god and you worship it as a
God so this is a this is one of the
worst this is one of the worst sins and
so you have to ask yourself am i doing
idolatry and here's what I here's how I
justify it basically first of all
there's a there are pendulums and
atheism we get atheism then we get
belief in God we get there's a there's a
pendulum that swings and what I am doing
is a you know it was it was pegged at a
hundred percent atheism now it's going
to be pegged at 100 percent God okay
because what I am doing is kind of rude
it's kind of rude to do what I'm doing I
you might ask Harry what are you doing
proving God with idols that's kind of
fucked so like why did they not why
didn't here's what they did they they
created up fear and stay away from idols
in Germany they created a fear of
witches and so what you have is you have
a barrier that keeps people from doing
stuff the people that do believe will
the believers will stay away from this
stuff so non-believers are not
interested so what you have is a
situation that um as the door it's a
gateway so here's what here's what
happens you get a monk who you get a
monk and one day he randomly opens his
Bible
and he says oh my god it talks to me he
looks around and he's like no that's
that's idolatry we can't
that and so he like sets it he said he
sets it aside then he says just do it
again then he oh my god it talks to me
so here's the problem you have to uh you
have to have a context you have to have
a context in order to detect a response
in order to have communication you have
to open up a channel so what that means
is you need words you need a and once
you have okay so here's the deal let's
say you have okay there's two things
that are needed you need a context and
you need an offerings
so basically God will not give you the
time of day if you impose on him yep you
have to make it worth his while chuckles
fucking car
it's it's an imposition on God and the
only what he's only going to talk to you
if you exchange entertainment in love
that he like steel trade with you like a
space alien trading post but if you
don't do an offering he will not talk to
you it's that simple
and you might it has to be something he
wants okay like Cain and Abel K King
gave vegetables Abel Gabe steak God said
get the fuck out of here with these
vegetables what are you doing insulting
me with fucking vegetables get the fuck
out and that represented a lack of love
what do you why didn't he have got meat
you know that's the idea of love I had a
Jewish law suit he says you said in
Judaism food is love okay well that's I
don't think he I don't think he knows
what I know
but anyway so what you need to do is
exchange entertainment and love for a
response okay they need two things you
need an offering that that that pays the
way it makes them willing and then you
need a channel so you have to have some
mechanism in order for him as anything
random communicate okay so uh let's say
you have a flame and you say right left
right right left right a B C B you can
make a flame do it you can make the
intestines of a cat gut I don't know you
can make we can make a general dice and
you can you know even if you don't you
can make people do it like if you if you
doing offering to God and then all of a
sudden you know the car starts making a
loud noise that's an example of
communications you know or maybe you
overhear you're in a city and you
overhear somebody talking it's like wow
where two or more are gathered I am
there in their midst I can even do like
a seance kind of thing where if I put
myself in a certain state if you say the
first speak in English don't speak in
gibberish say the first word that pops
in your head if you really want to do
that it's kind of kind of add don't do
that some some techniques works better
than others okay Ouija boards are crap
the the timer if you take a nanosecond
stopwatch for random numbers and pick
pick from a list of there's a hundred
thousand Linux words some some
vocabularies are better than others
anyway so uh that works it's one of the
best things to do is to just read
randomly open a book that works really
really well it's really easy to you know
I told Frasier the fucking nigger monkey
it's like Frasier Wyatt why don't you
fucking open a book after doing an
offering she's like I'm not that stupid
that's it doesn't work so Frasier spends
ten fucking years saying you've hacked
that that does random numbers on online
Frasier fucking do this right open a
fucking book after you talk to God for
five minutes fucking nigger monkey oh
I'm not that stupid fuck you why do you
think they did fucking offerings in the
Bible they're fucking do it they're
slaughtering thousands of cattle and
shit right so take why would they do
that shit you fucking retard you have to
do offerings to get God to talks okay so
uh so when it comes to idolatry how do I
justify what I do here's the deal if you
if you roll dice and you think the dice
are alive and that they are God that's
what I call idolatry okay if you roll
dice and you think God is inside of you
that is Christianity that's where you
think that that that God is within me
jesus said by the fathers in me I am in
the father okay if you rolled dice and
you think God is controlling you that's
Christianity what I believe is I am an
avatar God is in another dimension he
has full access like a Star Trek
transporter or something yes full access
he's in another dimension he's just you
might as well think of him like
he said he didn't make the universe but
there is perfect justice on earth so you
might as well think of them like a space
alien in another dimension and if you
entertain him he will talk ok that's
that's the healthy way okay because
there's perfect justice so it's not just
a space alien it's a it's it's there's a
massive structure imposed on our world
which caused by angels and stuff that
causes perfect justice on earth and
anyway so I'm going to randomly open
what's the day of rest by the seventh
day God completed his work which he had
done and he rested on the seventh day
from all his work which he had done
following the sixth day of creation the
Lord deliberately stopped working
arrested take special note of that
lesson that there was that there was
nothing else he could have done it
certainly wasn't because he was
exhausted I meant omnipotence never
grows tired he hadn't run out of ideas
for omniscience knows no mental
limitations he could easily have made
many more worlds created an infinite
number of other forms of life and
provided multiple millions of galaxies
beyond what he did but he didn't he
stopped he spent an entire day resting
in fact he blessed the seventh day and
sanctified it something he did not do
for the other six days he marked this
one day off is extremely special it was
like no other
sounds to me like he made the day on
which he rested a priority a period of
time