okay so at school
Russian College presents the making of
medieval illuminated manuscripts by dr.
Sally dormer the beginning well I am
game since the first inning he's talking
about how medieval illuminated books
were made there are a multitude of ways
you can take very broad approaches and
think about if you like patronage
functions or you can be much more
focused in your approach
as a matter of fact I was born I was
born in 69
okay so
so let's do some assembly
so these are the 64-bit registers
there's 16 if you count them
I'll give you a quick lesson in assembly
language so a register is is like a
variable it's kind of like an integer
variable a lot of I'll assume you've had
some programming on the Commodore there
was a an accumulator you used to do
stuff like load a 10 and a 20 or
something like that so you put 10 into
the accumulator and then you might add
20 to the accumulator and then you might
do something like store a at a memory
pointer something like this
the Commodore had in a and then it had
an x and a y but mostly you did it with
the a register you did everything with
the a register it was kind of like you
had one variable and you had to shove
everything in and out of it do all
operations on it well on the x86 our ax
is your a register and it's kind of
Oh
some some architectures every register
is identical but on the x86 the
registers have certain usage RA X is
some instructions only work on re X this
is kind of the this is the accumulator
when sometimes you do a 128-bit
operation and so sometimes they'll you
will you will pair up sometimes our ax
will be used along with RDX sometimes
these two are used together okay and our
BX is there I think there's one special
instruction but for the most part our BX
is just it's just another accumulator
that it doesn't quite it's not quite as
good an accumulator as our ax but it's
kind of like this is uh this is pretty
generic and then there's our CX now this
is uh you can do everything you can do
with our BX you can use it as a generic
but this one is special because it's for
looping and stuff like that
it's the count it's it's kind of an
account register okay and then you start
getting into RSI and RDI
now these now here's the deal
in the later models they did away with
some of the special-purpose things kind
of got a little bit less special-purpose
they started making the special-purpose
instructions slow as a matter of fact
the special-purpose instructions are
kind of slow so what I'm talking about
is
like Luke there's a loop instruction
some of these things they made them slow
in any way the the RSI and RDI are used
for like load string constant but these
are this is the source and this is the
destination these are kind of like
pointer registers and some operations
this this is this will load a byte room
into it's already next but we'll just
say you start getting these uh this is
kind of like saying a equals if you know
and if you know see there are some
instructions that lets you do stuff like
this I equals source plus plus there's
an instruction that says star
destination plus plus equals star source
plus plus that would be move string
constant byte anyway so we're sort of
getting a little bit sidetracked so
these are si and are di are kind of like
pointers I guess you could say they're
for string operations it's not just
strings and now we started getting into
they sort of did away with this special
purpose okay RBI is the stack frame
tweener
what you do is in the past all arguments
to functions were were pushed on the
stack and when you access them you would
use the rbp and it used to be important
because there was something called
segmentation and SS used to go off of
rbp but things have gotten a little bit
simpler and as a matter of fact it's my
understanding a lot of people don't
really even don't don't use our VP
anymore which what I use it for is for
whenever you access an argument to a
welke you always start I can still hear
my instructor saying push BP move BP
comma SP I had
movie become on HBO okay so every
function you might as well do this as
out of habit huh I'm not going to teach
you assembly I'm just gonna get you
started just realize that our BP is used
for uh for accessing local variables
then arguments off the stack so those
are the purposes of the registers now
they added another eight registers and
they might seem like they're no purpose
but as a matter of fact they they they
have some of the way there they're the
way they're encoded they're there
they're close relatives to the upper
eight are close relatives to the lower
eight and although I don't think you
don't have to worry about that very much
when you're writing a compiler you have
to worry about it but because the way
you access them is slightly different
anyway
so as it turns out what they in the past
when you wanted to access an art when
you wanted to get a function parameter
you might do something like this eat off
of but now what they now what they just
do it's my understanding that they just
used the RSP now you might say something
like they might do something like that
they go right off of that anyway so
that's kind of an introduction
Lauren stop forcing
the doctors had wood I had to check that
myself
would
it's nine
let's see what mister God says mister
God says
19:31
I'm not wearing my hat
make sure my dr. mahat okay so
so I got a girlfriend now so now I dress
fancy I used to dress like shit I got an
impressed physics girl so wait doctors
gonna say whoa what happened are you
gonna get a job I'm gonna say fuck no
I'm getting getting on job foot footing
good job suck my fucking cock doctors oh
you're gonna get a job no I ain't
getting it
so what does mr. Godsey clinch cyphers
introversion werewolf ranges droid
melville restorative and click let my
echo mised telegraphy fantasised riddle
spoils prattle birch slowing arbitrator
and Schwarzkopf swag unrestrained Borges
Kirkpatrick's
Keynes water meter instructors
we've got two good seats
now three good seats up here in the
front for those people standing in the
back you might as well come now in a
good time so I want to explain I'm gonna
play three roles today the first role is
emeritus professor Don Knuth from the
21st century
and that role I'm going to be standing
right here then I'm going to briefly
play the role of George Forsythe who was
chair of computer science department in
1969 and when I'm George Forsyth I'm
gonna be standing right here George is
going to introduce tonight's speaker who
is done a young well 31 year old guy
named Don Knuth and that young guy is
going to be I stand here that's who I am
I think so
all right now so so this whole this
whole thing started with the Stanford
has a project going on for some years
called class X and the people the idea
is to make interesting videos to put on
YouTube for the future and so that
things that are going on these days at
Stanford can be appreciated by people in
future generations so they so they asked
me you know what I you know the tape
some kind of a presentation for the
future and I said well I would be fun to
do something different and that would be
to to try to repeat the first lecture
that I that I gave
laughter I've been a become a professor
at Stanford this was you know I I had
just become me my title changed from
mathematician to computer scientist and
so on
and and at that time as you see I wanted
to explain what it was what that's what
I expected I might be doing the rest of
my life to the to the people around so
so that's the beginning of this of this
talk and so it was November 4th 1969
that was that was a Tuesday and and I in
order to be a little bit on CENTAC I
decide I went over to the gap and I
found out that they are selling 1969
blue jeans so I bought myself
okay and also believe it or not I'm
wearing a wig and the reason is just to
help me remember that when I do give the
lecture that I got expected much as I
can't as I would have spoken to 60 now
if you want to see what I really looked
like Nabi updates building the first
floor there's a really nice historical
all right so so now in order to prepare
for this I got eye opal but by the way I
you know I came to Stanford because it
was the world's greatest computer
science department by father when he by
any measure and I mentioned joint
foresight the chair well he had he had
worked very hard all through the six
feet to build up this department and I'm
actually open in 1965 and and so this
was the place where I could come in and
and be have all the great professors in
one place instead of having to be an
isolated sense
so I guess I'll show off a little bit
well you should go learn holy see since
it's from God

okay fuck I have a video but nobody's
gonna watch it so here's the deal
in 2004 I resurrected I had a in 1993 I
had a real mode program that changed
there was a DOS program in assembly it
changed to protected mode it did a
little bit more I think I had a little
task scheduler like we did in school in
school we did it we did a desk scheduler
on an 8-bit and a lot of people you'd be
surprised I've met a lot of people at
Stanford say how can how can you run
multitasking without paging you get a
lot of people that say how can you run
multitasking without paging well I can't
you're a retard okay fuck you if you
have a problem with multitasking without
paging fuck you you're a retard okay so
as a matter of fact there was a guy at
MIT that said yeah I saw this really
stupid project that had code executing
on the stack and I got to thinking to
myself hey you know what if I do an
address map of my system um I don't
really use paging I do an address map
you know what uh there's a matter of
fact most of my a lot of my functions
are at the rate at the range 7ff see
I'll bet that retard and my teenager
thought that was stack okay that's a
that MIT nigger thought that 7f was
stack going well that's pretty stupid
and I'm not using paging duh
and you see what I'm saying he's going
well obviously you can't do multitasking
without painting them what we did that
in school on a little 8-bit processor
what the hell are you talking about we
had a little 8-bit Motorola processor we
we did multitasking we had we had to set
it up so that it ran a task at a certain
time it's like for your microwave oven
you know I'm all tied asking like for a
microwave oven he's like well you can't
do multitasking if you don't have paging
I'm going what so I I do I didn't want
to use paging but I had I set it up
identity mapped but anyway so first of
all no address is special just get as a
matter of fact I'll tell you right now
the first okay so in the x86
architecture with the 64-bit you can do
an instruction like this oh is it good
okay you can do an instruction like this
see they do have a 64-bit instruction
with an immediate like that but as a
matter of fact if you want to if you
want to store our ax like this let's
let's go ahead and see how this works
we're gonna run assemble here so this
instruction is it is 64 bits this
instruction is has a 32 bit this value
right here is 32 bits as a matter of
fact they don't have a 64 bit they don't
have a 64 bit all they have is 32 bit
now that's that's a minor inconvenience
but here's where it gets really bad
let's say you want to call
I'll just tell you
I'll just tell you I am good
so I'll fuck you
so in the x86 architecture there is a
32-bit relative call with a 32-bit
offset in order to do a 64-bit call you
have to do two instructions like this to
do a 64-bit okay so now if you remember
Bill Gates everybody made fun of him
because he said 640k ought to be enough
and now now all the kids say uh we're
not that stupid
of course it's never enough everybody
knows that's stupid that it's never
enough every every every kid is saying
they make fun of Bill Gates and they say
huh we're not that stupid we know it's
never enough okay it's never enough
Bill Gates was such an idiot he thought
6:40 would fix 40k was enough well did
you know that they pretty much stopped
at about eight gig they there's really
nobody really wants more than eight gig
right nobody really wants more than
eating yeah I think they do have more
now I have a 128 gig but uh pretty much
they they don't you don't really need
more than eight gig at least no nobody's
found a way to use it except for servers
with disk cache and stuff so it gig well
what do you know there really is a limit
you know back when they were making fun
of Bill Gates everybody thought there
was no limit so they what do you know
people six eight gig is pretty much all
you need well as a matter of fact when I
made this operating system first of all
it's a toy ok I make no no apology it's
a toy okay second of all you know it if
they stopped at eight getting
you know to 2gig is all you need for
code you know and that's really that's
really not not a that's really not a
sacrifice if if you limit it to two gig
then it's really not a sacrifice you
don't even have to call it a toy
operating system anyway what I did is I
limit it to two gig the code I limit to
two gig so I have what's called the data
heap which is the total and then the
code heap is that is two gig so my
operating system is ring zero only so I
never use and I don't use software
interrupts because those mess with
privilege levels and stacks and stuff I
don't use software interrupts I don't
use this enters this exit I don't I
don't do any of that all I do is call
32-bit the only no matter what whether
I'm calling operating system routine a
kernel routine I don't really have a
kernel I call it the kernel because
everybody wants to call it the kernel
but as everything is ring zero it's just
like the 8-bit in school in school we we
made a multitasking 8-bit scheduler in
school we made it multitasking 8-bit
scheduler and this is exactly the same
thing this is this is its ring it's only
one privilege level it's I don't really
use the paging I have an identity mapped
so it's it's pretty much like you're not
using paging there's our there's an
exception I a Lea Saul the hardware up
to four gig so when you want to do
uncashed hardware you access to alias
that's it makes me a little bit sad
because a lot of the old people remember
a zero zero zero zero for VGA and so
they come in here and they poke the a
zero zero zero and they want it to work
and it doesn't work they have to access
the alias and that makes me sad because
that was the whole purpose was to uh was
to was to get get to get people back on
the land
to get people back on the land anyway so
uh so the only call I use is 32-bit so
as a matter of fact I have to the first
tube gig of memory is called the code
heap and then the rest is the data heap
don't worry I can use if you want to see
me use you know 64 gig I can do a
demonstration anyway so uh how did the
way you the way you access data heap
memory is with malloc
when you say malloc that will fetch some
data heap now since I'm not using the
stack since I'm not using the paging
there is a major problem if you're not
using paging and then what that problem
is is growing the stack this this is the
this is a huge problem okay so we have
to declare how big a stack ahead of time
and that's a huge problem so well one of
the things you learn in computer science
is if you have a limit of a thousand
it's pretty much the same as if you have
a limit of 3,000 the only thing that
makes a difference is if you have no
limit if you have no limit that's you
program in a certain style if you have a
limit of a thousand you program in a
different style and pretty much one
thousand or three thousand it's about
the same I shouldn't have said a
thousand I have I have a limit of 128 K
for the stack you might say well why
don't you have so much memory once you
can make one Meg well the the honest
truth is it's really not gonna make a
difference if you have 128 K or 1 Meg I
mean at the as soon as you have a limit
it's all pretty much you're pretty much
in the same boat so I said a little bit
of 120
kay for the stack so what does that mean
that means you can't do lopsided binary
tree recursion you can't go you can't go
you know five Meg deep on the stack and
recursion so it's it's a really huge
problem but you know if you remember the
Commodore 64 it really it really wasn't
used by the what do we want to say
there's kind of there's a modern
programmer and then there's an
old-school programmer the old-school
programmers were good at assembly and
stuff the modern programmers are good at
algorithms and stuff in the old school
days you really didn't deal with
algorithms not very often you were more
concerned with the nitty-gritty of the
tedious stuff you didn't get as much
done I guess but you were you understood
a lot better about what was going on
so temple OS is wants to be like a
Commodore 64 and the things you did with
a Commodore 64 that's what you want to
do with temple OS so on a modern
computer that modern the modern kids
today maybe you might think they learn
how to do artificial intelligence and
you know fancy algorithms and stuff the
old-school programmers instead of being
instead of knowing what order of
algorithms were they knew what assembly
was and they knew they knew how to
encode assembly they knew how to run the
debugger they knew they knew how to do
system calls they do know how the disk
worked they knew how how the the serial
port worked like an old-school
programmer knew how to write to
interrupt routine okay a new a new
programmer knows how it knows what
order algorithm a you know heapsort days
or something in the old days what you
learned this how to write and interrupt
routine in the new days you learn what
order algorithm a heapsort is that's
kind of the difference in the old days
you learned how to write an interrupt
routine in the new days you learned what
what Big O order he pet algorithm is and
so it's kind of a it's a different
knowledge base so is this is the old
stuff irrelevant well you're gonna get
into trouble if you get too too clueless
you know I just had an analogy the other
day let's pretend you're swimming in the
deep ocean and you really don't know
what's underneath you you have no idea
what's underneath you well that's kind
of the situation of a modern programmer
they're in the deep ocean there they're
doing a a web application and it's so
far down to the bottom hardware the
hardware is at the bottom of the ocean
and when you're in the middle of the
ocean boy is you're a long way from
anything called hardware in the old days
it was kind of like a shallow lake and
you walked on the bottom and you weighed
it out in the in a little pond and
that's how you that's how you lived you
walked on the bottom of a muddy pond and
you had your feet on the hardware and
you knew you knew what was underneath
you you know is that it's a it's a
completely different feeling it's a
different feeling when you're in a pond
and you have your feet on the bottom or
a swimming pool you know I don't that's
a little let's let's say let's say a
pond or you have your feet on the bottom
it's a it's a different it's
qualitatively different than being in
the middle of the ocean where you have
absolutely no idea what is underneath
you you're just you know a modern
programmer there they're dip shits they
have no idea like did you know I'll bet
if you did buzz if you did buzz fizz a
moderate programmer would say you know
count mod six an old-school programmer
would say oh well we don't want to use
divide divide divide is 30 cycles and
decrementing a counter decrementing and
counter is you know one cycle so an
old-school programmer absolutely would
never use the divide its instead of a
decrement and that's the difference you
know it's kind of a joke
if you got an old-school programmer he
would use a counter he would say we're
going to count down to six for an
account down to seven of course we're
not gonna use a divider are you kidding
me why would we waste 30 cycles on a
divide
and that's kind of the difference in a
modern programmer an old programmer
the kids today they have no they have no
clue they're they're kind of completely
oblivious I don't think they teach them
that a divide is well maybe it's four
cycles today I don't know what's a
divide maybe four cycles compared to one
or something I don't know it's not like
the old ones so that's it's a different
it's a different kind it's a different
kind of knowledge it's a different kind
of knowledge and now so you will you
will never find you simply won't find a
modern programmer who why would you do
why would you do not count in one time
on our program it looks like that goes
what are you doing what are you doing
cannot modular 128 you know this is what
Knuth is a very as an advocate of
literate programming I say fuck that
fuck that what you want to do you don't
want to you don't want to change the
compiler for English what you want to do
is you want to educate okay one based is
definitely not correct you when it comes
to an array there's no question that you
want zero based and that's the way the
computer wants to do it the natural way
for for us an array is to use zero based
and if you're a French faggot you say oh
well well obviously it should start at
one I'll fuck you you're a French faggot
fuck yourself little arrogant fucking
French frog fucking array starting at
one fucking that's fucking ridiculous
okay another thing is a big Indian and
little Indian you know the French faggot
says well obviously we want it to start
with the big numbers first like that's
supposed to we'll fuck yourself a little
French faggot the computer wants to do
it little Indian okay little Indian is
obviously the way the computer wants to
do it okay fuck you and your french
faggotry some people want to do top-down
it's like fuck you why why do i why
would i declare a header for all these
functions does it really matter if it
comes first or second no that's just
French faggotry go fuck yourself do it
the way the computer wants to do it okay
do it with the you do bottom up okay you
do the little functions and then you
call the you call them what the big ones
that's the way the computer wants to do
it you're just you're just full of shit
if you're some French faggot that's
thing that thinks oh well there's a
there's a human way to do it I'll fuck
you the way you do it his way the
computer wants to do it you do zero
instead of a one array index you do
little endian instead of big endian
and you do it top you do it bottom up
obviously don't you know it's it really
it's not a hard conceptual problem for a
human as long as you have a way of doing
if yeah as long as you have a specific
way of doing it doesn't matter and some
people don't want to teach the kids like
they say oh don't tell them about and
127 no don't
they shouldn't learn that teach them
about modular and just tell them to do
modulo 100 don't don't tell them about n
127 tell them to do module 100 I'll fuck
you you know what you want to do is an
127 not modulo 100 they won't teach you
that I'm sure they won't teach you that
these are things they don't teach
anymore you know like a switch did you
know that a switch statement is do you
know what you know what the difference
in a radix sort in a comparison sort is
I swear to god this the CIA what a puppy
I support the CIA want the CIA wants to
deceive yeah the CIA wants to deceive
you so that you think that if else they
want you to think if else is the same as
switch and it's not okay it's the same
as radix sort versus comparison sort a
switch statement is a lot if you have a
hundred cases in a switch it's much
faster doing the switch then it is doing
a hundred if else it's completely
different okay
the switch is much faster switches order
one and the if-else is whatever order
and in some way
so these are the these are what the old
school people knew the old the old
school people knew like it
do they even teach which would you find
something like this today count and 127
would they understand what what's going
on here like how do you how do you a
line I would be how do you align to
eight byte boundary you know can you ask
can you ask a kid today how do you align
to an 8 byte boundary these are things
so what you would say is a pointer
equals what are we rounding up or down I
use for rounding up whatever let's say
pointer plus 7 and Tildy eight something
like that
that's rounding down whatever if you
wanna round up any way you can
these are these are this is the
information that they're not teaching
anymore so uh let's go let's go take a
peek
it has mine
source code is on every distribution but
I am very glad to report I made a
compiler fuck yourself I don't want it
on fucking faggot little computers fuck
the faggot little computers we want
fucking supercomputers Zeon are better
if I if it was up to me you had a Zeon
or better fuck this shit
ok Xena you have to have a Zeon that's
what I would say fuck you all the source
code is on every distribution you can't
get it without source code all it always
comes with source code all the source
code is on my website that makes me
giggle little motherfucker all my source
code is on my website you go right here
here's all the fucking source code right
there all the kernels right here you
want to see the curling if I can see the
kernel everything's here right on the
website go right to the website you can
go see the kernel you want to see the
scheduler here's a scheduler good look
good luck because it only compiles with
my compiler did I plan that in my no I
just I made a brand new awesome language
and what fuck it
you know what BAM
fuck you

so
so as a matter of fact I have a limit of
128k for the stack and I am so paranoid
about running out of stack that I do all
this to say Liz
this is a function string util and it
has it has a source and then it has
flags and will do
remove spaces this is a trick I learned
from taking that Ticketmaster
okay there's M string util string you
tilt string util operates in place on a
buffer so if you have a buffer and you
image if it shrinks in size you can do
it in place but a lot of times it might
expand in size we this is just an
example of a su su F let's remove space
you get single space you can remove
spaces this is a trick I learned that
Ticketmaster
let's just we're gonna say name okay so
this is a fairly typical operation in
temple OS you're you're you're
allocating a string off of this this
function returns an allocated string a
string is just a pointer to a u8 now
everything is unsigned we don't have
characters why would you have us why
would you this is insane in today's
world you have a 7-bit signed are you
fucking crazy why would you have a 7-bit
signed make it unsigned at least have it
unsigned so anyway we do what so we do
ctrl alt a this is the carrot there's
128 bits we're not doing Unicode we're
not doing Unicode fuck the Orientals in
their hieroglyphs
fuck you oriental people with your
dumbass hieroglyphs we're not fucking
doing hieroglyphs get the fuck out
nigger we're not doing fucking
hieroglyphs fuck you fucking get an
alphabet you fucking retard niggers
you're so smart fucking that hieroglyphs
fuck you in their hieroglyphs okay
fuck your hieroglyphs we do 8-bit ASCII
and so
we allocated and so I mean this is this
is a fun test okay so what's gonna
happen I'm gonna hit f5 and it goes from
this is a fun test this is a fun test so
what it did is it remove the spaces so
it allocated off of the heat this this
is a malloc memory Alec
mal LOC there's a there's a family
there's a family of allocates that are
malloc if I because I because I put a m
in front that's a malloc and then you
free it so notice notice I'm not using
you know I'm not using it on the stack
what a if you are if you were a normal
person today a normal person today would
do something like this do you know what
I'm saying this is what this is what a
normal person would do they would say
name to 256 they're using they're using
stack so first of all this is this is
faster but but look at this
as a matter of fact my my way of doing
it is actually kind of better you know
my way of doing it is actually kind of
better because this is a this is a
limited size we don't really want a
limited size as a matter of fact in a
nutshell that's how everything is in
temple OS we we never use a raise we
always do it dynamic and don't worry
about running out of memory we just let
it crash if anybody is so stupid as to
run out of memory
fuck them okay when
Linux is a semi-truck Windows is a car
in Temple OS is a motorcycle on a
motorcycle if you lean over it crashes
well don't lean over you just you don't
lean over on a motorcycle a motorcycle
does not have side impact airbags a
motorcycle does not have side impact
airbags well duh you know somebody's
gonna say it's not safe it can crash
that's ridiculous you have to have a
reset that's ridiculous
let's it's a fucking motorcycle fucking
nigger of course you don't have airbags
on a fucking motorcycle fucking retard
nigger so uh so we one of the things we
don't do is we don't check for
allocating too much if you run it out of
memory that's your own problem our our
philosophy is to keep the code simple we
don't we don't use a race we do
everything Malik ated arrays are for our
there's two problems with arrays first
problem is they use a lot of stack
second problem is they really do kind of
suck because they're they're not dynamic
you Yoma any any adult programmer wants
it dynamic any kid a kid likes fixed
arrays but fixed is really fucked
anything fixed is fucked
I'll get fuck all that okay it's a lot
better if you do it dynamic so in temple
os to do everything dynamic you don't
use the stack you use the heap use the
heap for everything you don't use the
stack and it's it's fine you can't you
can't unfortunately you can't really be
doing a it's not good for recursion I
don't know how to explain it but well
you should know you know if I tell you
there's a 128 K limit on the stack well
you can figure out pretty quickly that
it's not going to be my
fun for recursion because what if you
have a lopsided tree you know that's no
fun that's you know you can make a
balanced tree but it's really not much
fun if you've got to worry about
lopsided trees crashing it or something
anyway and imbalanced so you're saying
wow that's a major penalty well well the
truth is it's kind of for the same thing
you did with the Commodore 64 you really
didn't do the big recursion things on a
Commodore 64 you could I don't know it's
it's just for it's a different kind of
thrills it's a different kind of thrill
okay
so
so one of the things I learned that
Ticketmaster was was circular cues let's
just do a little quick example a
circular doubly-linked list now one of
the things I don't like is the standard
template library I don't like it let's
go
I don't know I'm kind of not I normally
have standard normally I have standard
where I call it SDR yeah so what we're
gonna do is and well what - let's do a
global variable what the heck we would
say W W this is fairly typical on the
Commodore 64 ever it was okay to use
Global's now here's the deal when you
scale a project up you have to do
changes when the project starts getting
really big like with a really big
project you can't be you can't have a
lot of global variables or the global
variables become a problem when you have
a really big project now what what
happens when you scale a project down so
on a big project you start shifting
stuff out of global variables into other
things okay and on a big project you
start using longer names you start
having multiple namespaces well this is
the correct way to scale a project up
well guess what when you scale a project
down you do the opposite on everything
so if we have so if we're if we're
telling a kid to write a thousand line
of code program first of all use global
variables of course you should use
global variables if the program is a
thousand lines of course you should use
global variables
that's ridiculous of course you should
use global variables do you need long
labels no you don't really mean long
labels if it's a thousand line program
if you don't worth W head is is okay you
know that's that's that's pretty good
and I guess so bird we're dead I used to
hate the word head but anyway
so you you could do this from scratch
but I have a little bit of support for I
don't have the full standard template
library but this will initialize a queue
and I might this might be how I do it
and so what we might do is Wow
well true I don't have continued I do
have go to I got really continued I
don't like continue anyway st equals
let's just use to get straight
we can just use get string by itself all
you want to say we're okay
so I don't remember if this returns null
I think it doesn't let's just that's
kind of overkill but if it's not if
that's no I don't think it returns null
oh why don't you what should we do if if
the first character is 0 and what do we
do we in temple OS you can free a null
it nothing happens if you free know that
that it's allowed as a matter of fact
it's it's guaranteed to be allowed this
kind of ugly so
we want to do Kelly why would you if
Kelly it's it's flirt its splurging a
little bit but you you quickly anyway
know what we're gonna do so we're gonna
steal that and not free it and we're
going to go ahead and say cue insert
okay so this is what we've learned the
backs the the the VAX that Ticketmaster
had in his head
atomic cue cue instructions for insert
and remove and stuff anyway let's go
ahead and say MW equals so we just put
them into a circular list and the way
you traversed once you get used to these
patterns you would call these
programming patterns
once you master these patterns it's
really nice once once you master these
patterns
you just have to master these patterns
they're very simple
just for uh
okay
we won't make some this is the this is a
pretty you will get used to this pattern
thanks Lee did I see oh well
okay do you see what I did here okay so
running main I'll get let's see if this
works okay this is a test you see what I
did it so it made a it stored them and
then printed them so you need to master
this this design pattern when you're
deleting first you look ahead before you
delete it and then you delete it and
then you and then you set it to the next
one now when you're doing multi-core you
have to be I guess you have to be
careful so you might ask why didn't you
use a linked list well the French people
like to like to use overkill and instead
of instead of instead of using a single
pointer I always use I almost always use
a circular doubly linked list do you
want to know why I'll tell you why
because very frequently I'll start with
this program and then it's like oh fuck
now we have to modify it and remove an
entry and if you if you went ahead and
did it with the you can remove entries
if you have the the doubly linked and
as a matter of fact at this point if you
really want to you can if you're using
doing multitasking okay so you can
remove it from the queue and then delete
it so this is the design this is the
main design pattern you use in temple OS
this is the main design pattern you use
there's a circular doubly linked list
allocated off of thing so instead of
using arrays don't use arrays
use these use these for everything
anyway
that's what I learned at Ticketmaster at
first I didn't like it because I thought
it was overkill and French I thought it
was kind of too French and overkill but
now I like you


the answer is no the answer is we don't
have operator overloading and that's
that's I don't like the standard
template library okay
legal is for cashing a EE I have a
circular doubly linked list that is what
I am using okay a circular linked list
can do everything a single linked list
can do but a circle can do a remove you
can remove in the middle of a circle so
just just use the fucking circles and
one of the things you owe you're always
gonna fuck up the a single linked list
or a stack you're always gonna fuck that
up because it's got a weird pattern for
if you do it this way you're gonna life
is gonna be a lot better for you then if
you use linked list
just do it always do it this way and
you'll never have to worry about it and
the design pattern is clean and
consistent and you're never gonna be
sitting there worrying about if you got
the head or the address of the head so
the answer is no don't do that
we're trying to be a Commodore 64 and
therefore if you use temple OS you will
know assembly you are walking in a pond
with their feet on the bottom of the
lake you're not in the middle of the
ocean
okay these faggots are in the middle of
the ocean they don't know what's below
them they kind of they kind of do stupid
things because they don't know what's
below
and you don't want to do recursion if
you don't have if you have a fixed stack
so just forget about it on here you can
do assembly okay that's
this this is a different sort of skill
there's a whole different look at it
this way you know everything that you
know about the internet was a matter of
fact everything you know about the
Internet is something Donald Knuth knows
about something different okay you you
if you spend 10,000 hours learning out a
program and 5,000 is the Internet then
somebody somebody like Donald Knuth
Knuth if they spend 10,000 then 5,000 is
not the Internet okay that's the way
this works if you spend 10,000 hours and
5,000 is the Internet then Donald Knuth
spends 10,000 hours and 5,000 is not the
Internet
okay do you catch my drift okay if you
spend $10,000 learning the program and
5,000 hours is learning about the
Internet
if Donald Knuth spends ten thousand
hours learning that a program five
thousand is not the Internet okay do I
make myself clear
okay listen little faggot have you ever
written a compiler have you ever written
them inner upper team a little faggot be
ever written an inner upper team a
little faggot no you haven't you're a
faggot
okay once you'll write an interrupt
routine faggot Pascal and you're fucking
in the ocean with some nigger in the
deep ocean you got no clue what's
underneath you little faggot once you
write an inter up your team this is an
inner upper team I wrote my own compiler
it has an interrupt keyword does house
ql does haskell have an interrupt
routine can you write an interrupt
routine in haskell with an interrupt
keyword huh can you write it interrupts
14 and ask what do you not want to
interrupt this little faggot everything
you know about haskell is something I
know about inner upper teens how about
them how about them apples huh
everything you know about Haskell or
Lisp I know about inner upper teens fuck
yourself nigger that's the detail
everything you know about Haskell I know
about inner upper teens understand
everybody in my generation we all wrote
serial port drivers rs-232 first thing
you do get on a piece of hardware you
write yourself some inner upper teens
for the receive and transmit interrupts
transmit interrupt receive interrupt
your interrupts routines get on a piece
of hardware right turner upper teens
little faggot I don't even want to enter
14 is
well as a matter of fact because they're
x86 if you really want to see look max I
NS QE and cert Q dancer specified this
ensures this is an assembly language
instruction on the backs and as a matter
of fact it is a lock it's a read modify
and right on the VAX this is an atomic
read-modify-write and on the x86 they
don't have this on the x86 they do not
have an atomic read-modify-write you can
turn off interrupts and then turn them
back on now there's a there's an
instruction that they don't teach the
faggots and what that instruction is is
a bit bit bit test and set have you ever
heard a bit test and set no you haven't
because you're a faggot bit test and set
is they is an atomic instruction if you
want to do a lock to let's say you have
a multitasking let's say you want to
lock this Q let's go ahead and do that
let's say you have two tasks that are
going to do this let's do we're gonna do
words prompt and what that's going to be
is this we're going to do words display
what that's going to be is this and
we're going to do words delete and
that's gonna be this
might as well I don't usually do
faggotry but
don't usually do fake oh it's nothing
okay now we're getting it closer to a
real program so words okay so now we
have it like this
now let's say we want to do this
multi-core you know let's do a multi
tasking okay so what do we have to do we
have to uh w lock is going to be a lock
and knit W lock equals zero okay so in
order to do this what we do is we say
wow let's go ahead and do that if you're
doing multi core locked bit test and set
address W block comma bit number zero
yield so let's
who
what are we doing now the the head okay
this this is a data structure and we
probably don't want we want to lock it
when word using it if you're doing
multitasking if you're doing multi core
multitasking okay so what did we just do
here we just did a locked you know I put
a lock on it so now we can actually call
it from multitasking and it will be safe

this is kind of this burns the CPU let's
do an analysis okay if you have five
tasks and two of them are using this
what's gonna happen well it's gonna one
of them's gonna yield the CPU if it's
busy and it's gonna go ahead and do the
other tasks so the question is is this
is this really going to waste
what's the performers gonna be like it's
tricky as a matter of fact this takes
two 15 nanoseconds my my scheduler is so
fast and so lightweight that I can do
four million swaps a second per per CPU
per core so this is an extraordinarily
lightweight my scheduler is so
lightweight because it doesn't have to
change maps all it has to do is like
save sixteen registers it is so
lightweight it actually allows a whole
new style of programming it allows a
whole new style of programming
and this is how you do it my goal is to
keep it as as I want you with your feet
on the bottom of the pond and once you
want your feet on the bottom of the pond
now you want you might ask how close are
we to the bottom of the pond guess what
guess what do you know how close we are
to the bottom of the pond if you go in
here to the Intel manual and you go to
do you want to know how close we are to
the having your feet on the bottom let
me just show you bit tested set this is
an atomic construction and you can put a
block prefix on it and there's a matter
of fact this is actually a this is a
single instruction locked bit test and
reset locked bit test and set so your
feet are actually resting on the bottom
of the pond okay your feet are on the
bottom of the pond you're not in the
ocean with god-knows-what underneath you
this is an assembly instruction your
feet are on the bottom of the pond okay
it's a it's a it's a atomic instruction
and so that's how you do it if you want
to do multi core this is the way you do
it you can do a multi core hello puppy
as a matter of fact listen nigger listen
nigger our goal is to be a Commodore 64
okay you see the the the new Knicks
nigger will move heaven and earth so
that you can play two video games at
once okay what good does it do to play
video games at once it doesn't do any
fucking good what we want to do is let
you have a task that plays music in the
background of your video game
our goal is so you can have a task that
plays music in the background of your
video game
our goal is so that you can have an
animation that uh our goal is so it's a
hundred percent tested it is fit for
purpose do you want to know what the
purpose that we fuck you little bigger
stuck the little niggers fucking getting
all fucking Munich see fuck so but it's
a this is better than Unix
when it comes to its purpose look see
this you see this you don't even have
graphics in your source code you little
fucking nigger this is one fucking file
two nine eight look at this this this
video game is 8,000 bytes with graphics
in the fucking source code it's not
separate files the fucking 3d graphics
in the fucking source code and it's how
many lines its 704 lines your fucking
retard nigger look look at your retard
nigger if I want to do a circle I can
put a fucking circle on the screen in
one goddamn line of code okay you know
Amazon Amazon does one click that's
because they're white people and they're
not niggers Amazon doesn't Amazon does
one-click shopping because they're
fucking white and they got it down to
one fucking click you see this nigger
one fucking click you got a fucking
nigger who made your fucking shit okay
one fucking click I got graphics on the
fucking
scream you see that this is bare-metal
you want to know what's below this
nothing this watch this let's do trace
you want to see what this involves this
is this is what's underneath this call
okay trick convert straight to assembly
pushes some instructions does it call
you see that nigger so called Amazon is
fucking white and your shit is nigger
you got a nigger okay this is fucking
white one click I got fuckin and
graphics on the screen what the fuck you
got fucking need a little monkey nigger
let's go see some ex windows with your
fucking shit let's go see ex windows you
got this new girl Isha's shit god let's
go see how do we put it how do we draw a
line i'll draw line in x windows look at
this fucking nigger shit want to see
some nigger shit look at this fucking
shit see how to draw a line in x windows
it's fucking nigger licious as hell ok
nigger fuck fuck you little nigger now
what are we trying to do are we trying
to run a server no we're trying to run a
fucking town or 64 ok what's our goal
but I'm gonna fucking boot that little
fucking nigger fuck that little nigger
where's that word that fucking nigger go
you're the fucking nigger is the Amazon
have 10 click no it's cuz your fuckin
nigger is Amazon have 10 click where did
you fucking go where that little nigger
go
you heard you're gone
this knee-jerk wants to play two video
games at once
that's a fucking UNIX nigger wants to
play two video games at once fuck you
little nigger little nigger wants to
play two video games at once little
nigger has 10 click Amazon he says I can
do a lot better Amazon Amazon
I got a to click solution that does a
whole lot more amazon says go fuck
yourself little fucking Munich's nigger
like I got ok we can get a lot more
statistics if we use to click its fuck
you little retard nigger so check this
out what's our goal our goal is to allow
a kid to write a game what do we want 10
do we want 100 server tasks no we want a
video game that has an animation task
with a with the loop the animation task
needs a fixed loop the screen update has
to run at 30 times a second with a
callback so the screen the screen test
we're doing multi-core the screen the
screen task has to run 30 times a second
okay so for example if if we need to
wait for the multi course this is an
example where I set in motion 16 multi
course drawing the screen and then what
do I do I wait until they're all done at
this point I wait and how do I wait I
wait with a yield okay
now you might say that burden CPU it
does not burn CPU we have one we have
one video game we don't fucking care
it's fucking awesome it doesn't burn
we do the multi-core tasks when the
multi-core tasks are finishing there
there's their part of the screen what do
they do they do a locked here's what you
do
the master core zero task sets em let's
say you have eight cores then you take
eight shift it over is 256 minus one so
you get 255 loaded into the flags and
then as each core you have core 0 1 2 3
4 5 6 7 when they finish they clear
their flag and then when all the flags
are done you are ready to move on we are
waiting until all the flags are done see
how that works
we're using the lock we reason we're
using one lock bit for for each core and
we're testing them all at once and then
the UNIX nerd he doesn't know why some
people just do or die and they don't
know why some people can't analyze can
can the UNIX Nigar analyze this no the
UNIX nigger is too stupid the UNIX
nigger says oh that's polling the UNIX
nigger is too stupid to analyze ok the
UNIX nigger is too stupid to analyze we
have 5 tasks it's going in a circle
loading in each task around the queue
one of them it's gonna skip if it's not
ready it takes takes 25 Nana it takes
two 50 nanoseconds is that gonna be a
problem no it's not gonna be a fucking
problem you little fucking retard nigger
why is it yours takes 10,000 nano sector
yours takes a hundred thousand
nanoseconds I might only take 250
nanoseconds do I go and say you're a
nigger I say no you're doing a server
with a bunch of people I don't I'm
smart enough to say no mine's a counter
sixty-four years is a server Linux is a
semi this is a motorcycle are they the
same no they're not the fucking same
yours can have a hundred people on it
it's a fucking semi bus okay fuck it
this is a motorcycle okay fuck you you
don't got the concept of a difference
you think everything is a fucking semi
everything is not a fucking semi fucking
nigger fuck you man do I do I want to
run a bank on this no I don't want to
run a bank on this when there was a
Commodore they had banks did they right
did they run the bank on a Commodore no
of course not
they had fucking vaccin shit didn't they
well they had fucking faxes to run the
bank and they had a Commodore to fucking
play video games okay fucking nigger
seems to think the fucking nigger wants
everybody to ride to work in a fucking
semi-truck why would we want to ride to
work in a fucking semi-truck you fucking
nigger why would we want to ride to work
in a fucking semi
so we got we got graphics and source
code I have an editor as a matter of
fact if you load if you download the to
mag version you can still do all this
shit I get a compiler you should look at
the little demo which anyway so we have
a we can edit the mesh this is the
editor it's graphics and source code
edit mesh so you can change the angles
it's basically triangles and it's not
very much fun okay you might give up and
do a lot of it by hand vertices and
triangles vertices and triangles anyway
not stored as binary in the file
so if we see don't
if we say dump room we say don't dump
broom got holy see compressed so look at
this this is the file it's got the text
area first it's it's not a lot of people
assume it's a it's an archive it's not
an archive it's the file format is is is
it's not a ski it's the definition is
it's it's more like a PDF and it's a
little bit like a PDF
do you have text you have eight this is
this is eight bit in other words it's
not it's not a violation it is it is it
is definitely eight bit okay
you are fucking allowed eight bit well
of course we don't have seven bit sign
then fuck that it's eight bit so you can
use it you can use the Greek characters
and then there's a zero after the ASCII
portion and then there's binary data for
the for the graphics now the interesting
thing is there's lzw compression
built-in if you have a dot Z and so all
of this gets compressed okay it
automatically gets compressed so if the
file name ends in dot Z then when it's
fetched and when it's stored it
compresses a nun compresses so in the
file in the text area you have dollar
sign commands it's kind of you know how
HTML has angles like that
well temple OS has dollar sign for a
start dollar sign for an end this is a
sprite there's a two character command
code
this is sprite this is tag four and this
is the this is for a binary binary value
number four there are four binary values
tacked onto the
and no that's not correct and then later
on in the code when you want to use
those images you can you can pass a
pointer to the binary value this is
insert binary or it's a it's a pointer
to a binary they call them binaries
because it's it's binary data there are
binary objects on the end in theory you
could have other things besides sprites
but the only thing there is is sprites
there there's one exception I went I
went ahead I did an exception do you see
this map file as a matter of fact I used
the same text format and I didn't I do
that
yeah these have binary on them so
there's a the map file has has binary
numbers for if you want to on the symbol
print you see these it has the line
number offsets and the way that works is
there's a map file and if we go down to
print if we find print
let's see if we can find print in here
there's print so this is binary number
544 and if we did a dump of the map file
then the 544 would have a list of all
the the line number offsets and that's
how when it boots you know how so we're
going to go to the root directory when
it boots it it executes start OS and
this is the script it's it's Holy See
and in here it it loads the headers for
the for the kernel and compiler and then
it and then it does the atom directory
atom is the father of all tasks atom is
the father of all tasks he's the first
task created like Adam and Eve Adam is
the father of all tasks is the first
test created all children inherit their
parent symbols so if a symbol is not
found in a symbol table then it searches
the parent right now we have we have one
symbol let's say we this is kind of like
MATLAB I'm gonna declare an integer and
then I'm gonna say who if you don't say
- R it includes a parent so we have a
global variable in the symbol table we
can do a we can do a function you don't
normally do functions but you can do
normally you do it in a file but it
works
this is printf okay so we just did a
function now if we say count to 10 you
see how that works
so we're doing a trace and it compiled
count it's not an interpreter it's not a
fucking interpreter I wrote a compiler
it would be extra work to make an
interpreter I did not do an interpreter
I wrote a fucking compiler and then
after it compiled the function it did a
function call with the argument 10 and
here here is where it does here it
pushes 10 and then it does a call and
then it returns and so right now if we
say who - our count is a function and
it's in our this is kind of like
environment variables what this is is
it's just like a common or where you can
program in basic you neither execute a
command immediately like 1 + - 1 + 2 is
3
you can either execute a command
immediately or you can make a function
this is kind of like the way the basic
program would work you put it in memory
now here's the this is the interesting
thing let's say I equals 1 2 3 so what
did it do there's a there's a variable
it stored 1 2 3 into a variable now what
if we say address of AI
but the dress of AI is 0 xxx
or whatever over here now if we come
over here we can also say i-64 let's say
star pointer equals and I'm gonna give
it that address now on other operating
systems with different memory maps you
can't you can't access other look at
that 1 2 3 we got it okay there's only
one and addresses and address some
people think this is stack Noah's not
stack go fuck yourself it's not stack so
uh now like I said tasks and they're at
symbols of parents and everybody has
Adam as a parent and so if we say who
these are all the symbols in Adams table
and that means we can use them we never
need to do a pound include for headers
you never need to do pound include
because all the symbols in the operating
system are in Adams table you never have
to do a pound include isn't that cool
you never have to do a pound include now
if I say Adam as a matter of fact Adam
has a window believe it or not Adam has
a window you're not allowed you're not
allowed to Adam is kind of like a
special server his memory is like kernel
memory he never dies everybody else can
die but Adam never dies and so if you
want to make a DLL let's say we want to
make a DLL let's make it okay first of
all let's say uh Adam hey Adam why don't
you make a variable called J and then we
say J was one four one five six and then
we come over here do you know what's
gonna happen all tasks inherit symbols
of parents if we say J holy shit that's
available and it's 156 so we inherit all
his we told Adam to do some code
so now now all that system has
system-wide so if we want to make a uh
let's say we want to this is this let's
go to the startup script this is like
autoexec would start OS okay we're gonna
we're gonna be pretty you're not really
allowed to modify this but it this will
this will invoke your home your home
files can have at the end of the startup
it invokes your home file so let's go to
our home file in our home file it's
gonna include some of our own home
directory now let's say we want a u 0
DLL beeper or something we're gonna make
we're gonna make a function we want this
to be a DLL ok and what this will do is
beep its gonna beep and print fuck so
you wanna know some people say how some
people ask how do you make a DLL well
BAM now when we boot everybody has
access to DLL beeper fuck he has access
he has access it's in the it's in Adams
table
ok everybody has it it's that it's that
easy to make a DLL what do you want a
global variable that system-wide that
everybody can do well that's not a
problem I 64 my global
okay now let's reboot okay now what if
we crash this let's just first of all
let's say DLL beeper
it printed the global we want to say my
1 1 okay we didn't do plus plus anyway
you get the idea what if we what if we
put an error in here with what we spear
something up
this is terrifying okay so if we boot
holy fuck our system is not booting well
what you really want to do is reboot and
boot the other partitioned I'll show you
in a second I'll let you can reboot and
your the bootloader will boot either C
or D and so what you do is you keep your
D as a rescue backup now we can go ahead
and we can go to drive C we can go to
the root no we want to go to the home
directory and then we want to go modify
make home and we can fix it and then it
would boot but let's just do another
thing which is uh I'm gonna boot okay so
it crashes sometimes you can do fix
there's an emergency editor and no it
didn't work it's not editing the right
file usually it I'm surprised it didn't
work anyway so we're in the home
directory let's say
I'm gonna be no fun when you have okay
now I'm gonna emergency editor we just
got rid of that I'm gonna get rid of
this shit in here to escape and then
reboot now we Bootsy seed now boots okay
so you can try the fix I'm gonna go
ahead and do a merge check this is what
I do to see if I changed anything I do a
snapshot C to D it's only like 25 Meg's
so it's not really a problem so this is
everything I've changed in the last
eight hours
I think I changed this spacing out what
I want to do is I want to go to I want
to go to the I'm gonna go to drive D I'm
gonna go to drive D I'm gonna go to the
home directory and just to be safe I
want to copy the original back to see I
just want to keep the same whites
I want the same white space that I
always had I don't want to modify the
white space on accident anyway
luckily Pama sore okay so uh I'll get
you going
as a matter of fact here's what I think
of object oriented okay do you want to
know what I think of object oriented
well I made a list of my these are my
symbols do you notice something about
this do you notice how I name these
things that look familiar
what happens if I want to rename my
vertex what happens if I want to rename
my vertex delete mesh vertex delete okay
let's say I want to rename that I want
to say rename mesh vertex delete I want
to rename it to mesh vertex

delete let's just do that now how would
I do this if it were object-oriented how
would I do that
I'm gonna ask you a question how would I
do this if it were object-oriented tell
me how I would do that can you answer me
please tell me can you tell me how I do
that because I do this all the time I a
rename shit all the time you know tell
me how I do that with object-oriented
any anybody waiting oh how do i rename a
bluebird do that maybe the editor will
do it but uh what the fuck's going on
know the problem here's the problem you
want to know what the problem is
here's the problem if if we're doing
object oriented this is not vertex mesh
delete all that is just de oh okay when
it's object oriented all you have is de
el you don't have the full thing
so
I I like I like the concepts of I
embrace object-oriented but do you want
the you can see that I embrace
object-oriented you know do you know why
because when I do my document routines
do you know do you see how I name them
you don't I named them doc dr. Lee doc
doc form doc form backward doc form
forward so I I have created object
oriented in in see without C++ doc tree
so I made it object-oriented didn't I
I made it object oriented so Temple OS
is object oriented it's just not done
Temple OS is object oriented it's just
not done using C++

you can address you can go to the
symbols
what does object-oriented mean what it
means is
let's look at the hash table hash table
ad
let's look at another one this is a good
job
well
lexical analyzers Lex
you pass it a control structure for the
Lex
Lex Lex file pop okay you pass it a
control structure and it does something
so as a matter of fact C++ saves you the
trouble of passing the object first you
have to pass the object first but other
than that it's you can do C plus you can
do object-oriented if you pass the the
parameter you just have to name it
that's all and then you can do
object-oriented all you have to do is
pass the variable
instead this you know I'm just talking
about this yeah it doesn't do this
automatically you have to you have to
pass it that this you remember how I
said in temple OS you're in a pond
here's the deal in temple OS you are in
a pond and your feet are on the bottom
in other systems your fucking in the
ocean and nobody has any idea what's
underneath them
okay in other operating system and other
systems they the CIA wants you impotent
in clueless they want dumb nigger cattle
so what do they do they confuse the hell
out of you like free free and Malak are
too easy so they have to clusterfuck it
now you've got some kind of critter what
is this object see I don't even I don't
even want to know what object see is
what's what's hard about free and Malick
you know it's fucking simple okay so now
they clusterfuck it
so in Temple OS this is not hit and the
object-oriented this is not hidden its
that's the only difference in tempo s
you have your feet you have your feet on
the bottom of the pond you're not in the
middle of the ocean God knows how that
this happens
there's there's there's no limit this
it's the only reason I put a limit is so
that it doesn't get big okay oh there's
no technical there's no technical limit
here's the deal okay let's say somebody
tell I mean I'm asking the class how do
you make a project scale upward okay can
you tell me what you do you do you how
do you make us project scale-up word do
namespaces right if you look long
descriptive variables and function yeah
I'm asking how do you do you do mate
with dependencies so that you only do a
little bit at a time you try what what
else do you do you do uh it's instead of
simple algorithms use the more
complicated one
okay so so here's the deal if if I were
gonna scale up and make it forty million
make a list make a list of everything I
would do to scale up to forty million
lines of code guess what
let's pretend you're starting a new
operating system and you want to scale
down from forty million to one hundred
thousand okay now make a list of
everything you do to scale down from
forty million to one hundred thousand
okay how do you scale down what are all
the things you do what are all the
things you do you do the opposite
everything you do to scale up you do the
opposite do opposite to scale down to
one hundred thousand okay you do the
opposite what did I just hear you say
that you little nigger did I did I did I
actually just hear you say that there's
no reason to scale down wait wait wait
where we make a list of everything to
scale from one hundred thousand to forty
million what was the list
tell me what's what's the list what's
the list we do you want lots of
namespaces we want long labels no
Global's no Global's careful to make
okay did you see we made a list make
lists to scale for 100 to 40 million
okay now how do we scale from 40 million
to 100,000 make all the labels really
short use global variables global
variables use one namespace you see how
that works you see how that works if you
scale up you do this if you if you're
making a semi truck a semi truck is 40
million lines of code a motorcycle is a
hundred thousand lines of code do you
see how that works
do you see how that works a semi truck
is 40 million lines of code a motorcycle
is a hundred thousand the the little the
little Microsoft nigger says no no no
you got to use the big 20 gearbox on you
got to used to 20 gearbox on a
motorcycle go what the fuck do I wanted
20 gearbox from a semi on a fucking
motorcycle I don't want to fucking I
want a two-stroke engine okay I want a
two-stroke engine and I don't want to
fucking 16 you see how that works you
see how that works make a list for
everything you change the scale from 40
from one hundred thousand to forty
million okay make a list of everything
you change to scale from 100 thousand to
forty million now here's a trick
question trick how do how do you scale
from 40 million to 100,000 it's the same
fucking list it's it's the same list but
you do it backwards that's the answer
your little dumb fuck nigger it's the
same fucking list but you do it backward
okay everything you do to scale from one
hundred thousand to forty million you do
the same fucking list but to do it
backward that's the fucking answer no no
today you have a today you'd have a
semi-truck we want to make a motorcycle
how do we make a motor so we can still
the nigger says here's what the nigger
says the nigger says the nigger says we
made a semi it is no longer possible to
ever make a motorcycle the nigger says
it is no longer possible to ever make a
motorcycle the nigger says it is no
longer possible to ever make a
motorcycle know what you do you do
everything everything you do to scale up
you do the opposite to scale down you
see how that works everything you do to
scale up you do the opposite to scale
down
here's what guess what nigger do you
want to know why let me tell you why
here's what you do do you want to know
why I'm gonna go in modify my kernel and
Mike let me tell you okay so here's the
difference the Commodore 64 was for
white people the Commodore 64 was for
white people see 64th users guide the
Commodore 64 was only for white people
the Commodore 64 was only for white
people this is in the box you got a book
in the book it tells you how to program
in basic not a single nigger ever got a
Commodore 64 and programmed in basic ok
this was not for niggers ok you see how
that works it was not for niggers one of
the things I did with my Commodore in
with my Commodore I didn't always play
games I had a book that told me what
every location in the kernel did ok what
every location in the ROM did so what
can a kid do with ok so how long does it
take to compile the kernel in in Windows
takes pretty long how long does it take
to compile the kernel in Linux you want
to see it I can compile my kernel
I just compiled my kernel and my
compiler I compiled every bit of code on
the system in one fucking second
is that possible is it possible to
compile everything on the system in one
second
is it possible to compile everything on
the system in one second how is that
possible that's in fucking possible it's
not fucking possible how long does it
take to compile all code in Linux
how long does it take how many lines of
code is it what is it 20 million in two
hours 20 million in two hours
takes about 20 million in two hours
right compile everything in Linux is 20
million in two hours so 20000 we want
2/3 600 times - ok well they have to
recompile the headers over and over but
guess what I can compile all my code I
don't even you know what everybody knows
that when it when it gets bigger it
doesn't just get bad it gets worse
everybody knows when you scale up it's
not linear it's worse ok everybody knows
when you scale up it's not linear it's
worse ok when you scale down it doesn't
just get better it gets fucking awesome
ok when you scale down it doesn't just
get better it gets
awesome no you want to know what the
difference is let me tell you what the
difference is here's my I want you to be
in a pond with your feet on the bottom
of the pond ok I don't want you to be in
the ocean with no fucking clue and
here's the difference I put all the
system help on f1 when you press f1 here
is an index of every single function in
the operating system these are all the
disk functions right here these are all
the hash table functions right here ok
you want to know what a Commodore had
you want to know why let me just show
you what a cobbler had let me show you
what a Commodore had c64 users guide
check this out on a Commodore you could
go to the back of the book
in the back of the book
they would tell you they had a list of
all the commands continue list load new
run save verify close clear look at this
there's a list of all the commands guess
what guess what just we guess what guess
what we reach the end that's it
guess what we reached we fucking reached
the end holy fuck
do you know what this is like this is
like being in a pond with their feet on
the bottom instead of being way the fuck
out in the middle of the ocean with no
fucking clue you see how that works
that's the difference okay
you're in a pond your feet are on the
bottom
you're not in the middle of the ocean
okay now you know what it is first I'm
gonna go a miracle okay
this is God's third temple I am the most
famous human past present or future
because I made the third temple and I
proved God in a made contact with an
alien I had the most famous human past
present or future because I prove God I
made the third temple and I made contact
with an alien
we're gonna get
you're in a pond your feet are on the
bottom instead of being in the middle of
the fucking ocean with no clue ting with
no land in sight and no clue what's
underneath you in Linux you have no
fucking clue what's underneath you
so we're getting the we're gonna we're
gonna go to line number 300 8 1 300 8 1
here's what God says
the two doors were also of olive trees
he carved upon them carvings of cherubim
and palm trees and open flowers and
overlaid them with gold and spread gold
on the cherubs and upon the palm trees
so awesome ad for the door of the temple
post of olive tree a fourth part of the
wall and the two doors were a fir trees
and the two leaves of the one door were
folding and the two leaves the other
door were folding and he carved there on
jeroboams and palm trees and open
flowers covered them with gold fitted
upon the carved work and he built the
inner court with three rows of huge
stone huge stone and a row of cedar
beams and the fourth year was the
foundation of the house the Lord laid in
a month zip and it was the eleventh year
in the month the bull which is the
eleventh month which was the house
finished throughout all lovely
my first job was as a professional
operating system developer at
Ticketmaster and so I've been a
professional operating system developer
so what did I do
when I was unemployed with in 2004 I got
my old operating system from real mote I
started in real mode dos I wrote an
assembly program to teach to protected
mode and in 2004 I got that program and
I started working on it and I worked on
it year after year and then God started
saying it was his temple god started
saying it was his temple everybody had
their own why because it was a lot more
efficient it we Tim take him back
Ticketmaster used many computers to on
June 3rd employees of the iconic alt
rock man Pixies gathered outside London
for an experiment armed with five
iPhones and customized barcode scanning
software they spent two hours selling
admissions for 3,000 fans who have
learned in surplus context concert
through word-of-mouth the Pixies created
a system called topspin media a company
that helped artists an Eminem metric Ok
Go
market their music and wares directly to
fans there was no surcharge no booking
fee and Richard Jones a Pixies manager
said 30 pounds of 30 pounds almost
almost anyone who goes to concerts
understands why it is so significant no
service charts zero the Pixies of Top
Spin had sidestepped the seemingly
inevitable fees tacked on any ticket
they had in other words I stepped
Ticketmaster to the juggernaut that
sells more than art and 30 million
tickets a year for everybody from Lady
Gaga shows to monster truck rallies
started as an experiment
Ticketmaster has since deployed a near
lock on the multibillion-dollar
ticketing industry and the company is
only getting bigger last winter it
merged with Live Nation the largest
concert promoter in the country which
means that in effect it can master now
also controls access to acts like you to
jay-z and owns many of the amphitheaters
in the US including Irvine Meadows
Verizon Verizon amphitheater in
California and the night continent at
Jones Beach theater in Langton in New
York among fans and artists of course
dick masters widely despised it attracts
hi sir it extracts high service fees
commonly known as those goddamn
Ticketmaster services but has offered
very little innovation in ticketing over
the past 30 years The Pixies for example
added thousands of names complete with
contact info to their marketing database
things to Troy X gig something they
can't gentlemen get when they sell
tickets they're diggin master and now in
the wake of Lida nation merger many of
the counselor and industry are worried
thinking master might be more interested
in promoting its own artists and venues
than selling tickets for rival acts this
is unleashed a new scramble for
alternatives in offices around the u.s.
startup staff
veteran ticketing executives are backed
with millions of dollars in venture
capital to find ways to sell seats to
fans among them is bear Takes which runs
flat flash seats a paperless system for
music sports a man steak and fly a
company that recently received 3 million
in venture capital in addition to ticket
sales help clients market events on
Twitter and Facebook and in ticketing
which handles Burning Man and hundreds
of other events many in the music
business hope that with lower fees and
more integrity someone become someone
these companies might be able to pry
away business from the behemoth it would
be great if a more nimble more
technology savvy company could come
along and figure out how to make money
with much lower service fee system
Windish agent for such cutting edge
access hot chips xxxx yyyy sayers but
Ticketmaster didn't come to roll in the
industry by suffering interlopers over
the past 30 years the company has killed
or eaten nearly every competitor
ticketron ticket web ticket now pass the
line and music today in a potent
combination of top artists venues and
long-term tickling meals makes
Ticketmaster one Goliath well-positioned
to crush a whole army of David's Peter
GAD what this was I went to lunch with
him every day from about 1992 night 1996
was an IT staff right Arizona State
University when he teamed up with Albert
left lift
Leffler Lafleur what the fuck then
working at ASU Performing Arts Center to
create Ticketmaster in 1976 the duel
originally set out to design a ticket
selling program that would outperform
small regional company called select the
seat would serve the University theaters
better the University Theatre they
succeeded so much so that the pair soon
took aim at left your competitor
ticketron then the dominant ticket
seller in the concert business the SU
team members were using modest digital
equipment company that's backs
well ticketron had hyper expensive
controlled data mainframes so gad WA and
Leffler simply out programmed ticketron
creating software that would allow their
limited computers to behave like more
expensive systems letting 500 operators
log into the system at the same time
took more than smart code however to
turn Ticketmaster into one of the
world's most powerful entertainment
companies took the arrival of 1982 of
the new leader Fred Rosen fast-talking
lawyer and
amateur comedian who had profound
realization ticketing isn't about bands
or fans about the venues shortly after
he was hired Rosen systematically
contact the biggest concert halls arenas
in the countries have made them the same
spectacular offer where ticket Ron
Trotter charged venues for service
adding a minimal fee to customers one
dollar per ticket
Rosen offered to actually pay the venues
he would increase service fees and split
the money with whoever housed the
concert and her sporting event everybody
signed up with ticket rent everybody
signed up ticket ron was quickly
decimated in 1991 it surrendered I was
there at the surrender of ticket Ron I
went to the Hackensack New Jersey office
I went into the office of ticket Ron at
the surrender and I got to see the
doomed employees and Hackensack New
Jersey and I had to convert there they
had campgrounds and I had to take their
inventory of seats and put them into our
system so I had to convert from their
ticket Ron and campground inventory into
our system
anyway when ticket Ron came to an end
GAD was said I felt more like we had
stumbled on a beached whale that had
already died then defeated a fierce
enemy in battle the system continued for
three decades to underlying technology
barely changed however even when
expanded in 1990s to accommodate the
internet a few computer systems can
handle the strain of 500 Madonna fans
all attempting to buy tickets seconds
after the seat hits the market not to
mention withstand repeated attacks by
BOTS trying to scoop up tickets for
resale but despite being the product of
what even taking master executives
acknowledged is 30 years of patchwork
worked around the company system is
almost supernaturally reliable then in 9
2007 Live Nation president and CEO
Michael Rapinoe a former Canadian beer
executive married to one time
Star Trek Enterprise Vulcan Jolene
Ballack decided that his promotion
company owns so many venues that it
should sell tickets itself Rapinoe
enlisted to help with an experienced
German ticket specialist called
CTS event him to build a new system but
the plan crumbled almost immediately
when a fish reunion tour went on sale in
2009 the new Live Nation ticketing
couldn't
manage ten million fish heads
simultaneously buying for 250,000
tickets the resulting press was horrible
even worse though Live Nation discovered
that concert fans were trained to buy
tickets at Ticketmaster and nowhere else
concert attendance dropped almost as
soon as Ticketmaster sites stopped
serving
Live Nation in 2008 two Ticketmaster had
made veteran industry shark Irving Azoff
a man so cutthroat and so short he is
known as the poisoned dwarf its CEO
managers of the Eagle since the mid 70s
as office aimlessly aggressive he once
sent a gift wrap boa constrictor to a
manager his wife he considered
snake-like with a note that read now you
have to sing Live Nation's trouble as
off recognize an opportunity after
several conversations the two companies
agreed to merge in January the US
Department of Justice approved formation
of Live Nation entertainment DOJ
approved did require a few concessions
however perhaps the most significant of
these was ticking masters obligation to
license that sticking selling software
for two years to live nation's biggest
rival in the promotion game AEG Live the
idea was that this would give a eg
lifetime to develop its own taking him
suffer
AEG said it was working on this but so
far it has little to show making it
unclear how much the DOJ considers the
actual spur competition for all its
clout Ticketmaster has two major
problems that obviously it gouges ticket
buyers but less talked about is the lack
of flexibility with an old codebase a
huge customer roster and a
long-established way of doing things
tea masters notoriously sold to
intimated its new CEO Nathan Hubbard
points out that the company is starting
to add features like interactive steep
Maps but he even he acknowledges that it
can't turn on a dime like a startup
virtually all the new ticketing startups
even to lower service fees to fans but
because of this isn't necessarily
important to venues in fact it may run
counter to their interest the new guys
must focus on taking master second
weakness in ability to innovate and this
is just what they're doing to delight
people in the industry like Mike Talman
32 year old vice president of sales that
service at Cleveland Cavaliers in
October 2009 the Cleveland Cleveland
Cavaliers did take master in favor of
Varitek's flash seat the service is
unique in that it allows fans to buy
tickets online and transfer
anybody else by email even reselling
that it okay so I left in 1996 its
number anyway
hey hey hey nigger look at this hey do
this you want to talk to God
I'm gonna talk to God nigger do this all
you have to do
you're a Linux person right all you have
to do is this okay I want to talk to God
I want to talk to God talk to God that's
all you have to do to talk to God do
that God what do you think you take
master epitomize grovel or a beautified
lugger plurality disregard anti embrace
topside wait Clementine Lapidus
sparkling christen recyclable embodiment
organized mathematics mathematics
intensive straight
Prasanna cease or behaves raucous Adil
Adel snorkling Chancery presenter holler
gauze Madeleine Commons
look do this you fucking nigger I gave
you this is a mr. bash command do it how
hard is that fucking niggers do it
that's what I fucking told you did I
fuckin tell you was random words fucking
told you it was random words what what
is a random Oracle ha nigger it's
fucking random fucking random did I
fucking not tell you his fucking random
fucking retard fucking his god fucker
obviously it's fucking God fucking
nigger random fucking random fucking
random goddamn retard monkey what do you
think a random number is fucking nigger
all you have to do it's a it's a space
alien trading post okay it's a space
alien it's a okay this space alien
trading post space alien trading post
tell God a joke and then he will talk to
you if you don't tell God a joke he's
not going to talk to you it's a space
alien trading post okay
if you write a him maybe he will be
entertained okay it's a space alien
trading post okay that's how it works
you doing offering you get a response
okay
like for example God did you kill any
niggers today God says dalliance arrests
compunction gastric nosedive easterners
naive lacy is Miriam electrification
shimmering terrorism uneven Doritos so
corns waste cecilia murders Gilchrist
Stoker's offenders Reformation
sidestroke pasteboard Letterman
mouthwash
Isaiah semper vasily any fucking nigger
did you not see it said letter in
Easterners to terrorism
look just do it okay nigger here I asked
my mom is this a serious deers I tell it
nigger okay this is I tell her nigger I
asked my mom if I won the state lottery
three weeks in a row would that be proof
what does she say no improbable things
happen all the time
look I can random do you get the idea
random number okay you randomly open the
fucking book God talks random fucking
number okay
random fucking number do you understand
any fucking random number you go here
hot bits Geiger counter
these are Geiger counter random numbers
Geiger counter random numbers we can go
here there's a hundred thousand lines in
the Bible let's do a random number nine
two six four one nine two six four one
any fucking random number it's a space
alien Trading Post space alien trading
post nine two six four one they which
preach the gospel should live of the
gospel but I have used none of these
things neither have I written these
things that it should be done to me for
it were better for me to die than for
any man make my glory void for though I
preached the gospel I had nothing to
Gloria for necessity is laid upon me
yeah what was me for I preach not the
gospel for if I do this thing willingly
I have a reward but if against my will a
dispensation of gospel is committed unto
me what is my reward verily that when I
preach the gospel
I make me make the gospel of Christ
without charge that I abuse not my power
in the gospel for though I'd be free
from all men yet have I made myself
servant unto all that I might gain the
more
random fucking number let's just let's
go it okay we're gonna go into the Bible
we're gonna go into the King James Bible
1 Kings 6 this is the King James Bible
in the King James Bible Solomon made the
temple he built 20 cubits on the side
house both the floor in the walls with
boarded cedar he even built them for
within even for the Oracle what do you
suppose the Oracle is in the temple even
for the most holy place in the house
that was the temple before it was 40
cubits long in the cedar of the house
within the carved with nops and open
flowers the cedar was there was no stone
seen and the Oracle he prepared it in
the house to set the Ark of the Covenant
the Lord in the Oracle the four part of
the twenty what is an Oracle let's let's
just what is an Oracle Oh
RHD led an agency or media giving such
responses that's what a fucking Oracle
is the divine communication of
Revelation you see how that works
fucking random number okay fucking
random number there's a fucking random
number generator in the fucking temple
okay they did offerings and they
inquired of the Lord
if you
over and over they inquired of the Lord
they killed animals by the thousands why
did they fuckin kill animals do you ever
wonder about that do you ever wonder
about that did God talk to them or did
they talk to God children struggled
together so she went in to inquire of
the Lord the Lord said to her two
nations are in your womb okay mono I
said Lord what's your name inquire of
the God please ask that we may know so
they inquired further of the Lord okay
they inquired the Lord some men took
some Bridgman they did not ask the
counsel of Lord then they came about
David once the Lord things so I go up
where should I go up and some of Israel
Bethel inquired of God and said shall go
up to battle so David inquired of the
Lord shall I go back they're going to a
fucking Oracle okay they're going to
fucking Oracle David inquired to the
Lord should I pursue this banjo overtake
them David inquired Lord should I go to
the Philistines David declare to God
shall I go up to the Philistines Dave
inquire Lord studied God and God has
said you shall go up after them
and the Lord said to Moses he inquired
the Lord gave him provisions here Israel
gathered prophets together four hundred
shall I go against them the king of
Israel Salomon ruff it's four hundred
behold there's a man of God in the city
it's all inquired of the Lord Lord did
not answer him is there a prophet turn
to the words King Ahab Taurus clothes go
inquire of the Lord for me see he was
left in Israel profiting and please
inquire of the Lord on our behalf
Jeremiah behold Pharaoh's armies come
out to me at turn image
okay you see how that works you do an
offering then you inquire the Lord God
said it's a fair barter a fair barter in
other words you have a space alien
trading post and you do a fair barter
okay we're gonna inquire the Lord sedate
and land the it'sh ethnology iteration
shebang
Barker's insupportable ten Saline
perusal Philip poke out leer herring
entrapment octaves gutted bronchitis
whitefish Snapdragon abstainers Gentry's
Superman coming coming coming
bacteriologist earth and graceful
prohibition safe dimension Zimbabwean
cockier quizzical it's a it's a it's a
space alien trading post okay you have
to entertain him okay
figure out how to how to entertain him
okay let's look at okay the nigger wants
to know how random works in the okay
random
- how does unique random work how does
UNIX random work dev random it allows
access to environmental noise collected
from device drivers and other sources
not all random number generators from
kernel-space was implemented first time
in linux the implementation is secure
hashes rather than ciphers a place for
the generator or originally designed
implemented the implementation in Turkey
keeps an estimate of the number of bits
of noise in an entropy pool from the HP
pool random numbers are created when
read-only returned random bytes with an
estimated number of bits and noise it's
like okay look nigger I'm gonna explain
this in nigger talk I'm gonna explain
this in nigger talk you turn on the
radio and you hear fuzzy static that's
fuckin random okay that's how it fucking
works okay you turn on the radio you
hear fuzzy static that's how it fucking
works and ast is okay the reason I use
the N is T here's the reason
Massachusetts this this is a State
Lottery website they published six
random numbers every 24 hours and it is
public for everybody to see this is a
public random website for NIS T they
publish 512 bits every 60 seconds it's
public for everybody to see if I tell
you check the numbers at 11:01 then you
can
I tell you to check I'll fuck you if I
tell you to check the numbers at 11:01
you can go to the State Lottery website
you can if I tell you to check the
numbers you can go to the State Lottery
website and everybody in the whole
world's can see them
the Fraiser says you're using your Wi-Fi
I said Frasier it's a fucking State
Lottery website how the fuck is my Wi-Fi
fucking changing the fucking State
Lottery website you nigger fucking near
oh you're using an artificial
intelligent it's a state lottery web
site you goddamn fucking monkey fucking
monkey it's a fucking State Lottery
website what kind of monkey nigger are
you okay so na st is in charge of them
of the of the gold a of the Platinum
kilogram they're in charge of the
Platinum meter
they are the all of scientific
researchers depend on measurements from
n is T and when they make a random
number it's a goddamn good random number
okay and is T is a really good random
number and they publish it every 60
seconds so that you get anybody in the
world can verify it it is fucking proof
you know how there's mathematical proofs
and there's no hole it's like no every
mathematical proof has a hole in it I
don't believe any mathematical proof
fuck you nigger you don't understand
math okay this is fucking math it's
fucking proven fucking suck my cock you
fucking nigger
it's fucking proven okay there's no hole
and yes it's a space alien trading post
okay it's a space alien trading post you
can talk out your mouth talk straight
out of your mouth you have look there
this is the way it works okay this is
the way it works here's the way it works
it's a space alien trading post it's a
space alien trading post Abel kept the
flocks and Caden worked to soil and of
course the tide and Cain brought some
fruit of the soil as an offering to the
Lord
Abel also brought an offering fat
portions from firstborn of his flock
so one offered steak one offered
cucumbers the Lord looked unable in his
offering would the Lord look with favor
on Abel and Abel offered steak but on
Cain who offered cucumbers he did not
look with favor so keen was very angry
in his face with downcast then the Lord
said to Cain why are you angry why is
your face down dressed if you do what is
right will you not be accepted but if
you do not want is right and sin is
crouching at the door desires too happy
to take you to rule over it so one guy
offered steak one guy offered cucumbers
God said fuck you and your cucumbers I
fucking taking their cucumbers go fuck
yourself now Cain said to Abel let us go
in the field while he's in the field kid
attacked his brother Abel and killed him
Lord said to Cain where's brother Abel I
don't know I I my brother's keeper
Florida what have you done listen your
brother's blood ok so what do you do you
try something see if he likes it if he
doesn't like it you try something else
ok it's a space alien trading post
you got an alien he's going to talk
he'll trade with you if you offer him
something he likes God's favorite thing
on TV is is soap-operas you can they can
hear you ok they can hear you they can
hear you just talk they can hear you
just fucking talk
I think I'm gonna nuke this nigger
I think this nigger just got named
fucking CIA nigger fuck you nigger the
aliens can hear you when you talk okay
look you want to hear let's see what
they say
Lorraine leaf leaded piggish in his
homeland crimped try out cryogenics lilz
brassiere synchronization goodliest
Greiner undetected divots besmirching
hyenas Globetrotter marketability
drunkenness Smet a footballer overlooked
a sling Eddie
rot Seltzer moustache promulgation
reputable Balzac Kings well
so you can use
you can use this bash
the funny thing is I didn't I didn't
write this I don't know bash I didn't
write this some kid wrote it yes I am
Christian more it sort of so here's the
deal in the early days they rolled dice
and the pagans thought that the dice
were alive with they thought the dice
were gods
okay that was idolatry in the early days
they thought the dice had God inside and
then came along the Christians and he
said no no no no no God is inside of us
when we rolled the dice and they said
God God is inside of us when we roll the
dice
I come along and I say no no no no God
is not inside of us we are an avatar
he's just puppeting us he this is like
Star Trek we are an avatar I am NOT
defined God is just puppeting me I'm an
avatar
i I don't Christ is not divine God he's
God's avatar okay your urine aguirre
gods i have't our own gods avatar Christ
is not divine snake bike borax and
breeds ten kilometer through Aquafresh
sponsors post-operative accordingly over
a dress
barely got Brooke mistress boiler
nullified reforms syllable resist Eric
Lee Deborah's solemnly its innovators
Dutch gonna be vandals Kasim Tartars
bike legs just disturbed tumblr proud to
placements by
no I don't go to church yeah dog you
know they're done
dog out here

okay so uh so if I go in here and make a
Moses comic then God will talk you know
oh I will go ahead I will do a certified
random number if I do a Moses comic this
is for the space alien Trading Post now
King Solomon King Solomon made a
thousand and five hems he was making
these hymns to trade like currency


ok so now we're going to we're gonna
take the first five decimal digits out
of the N is T and use them as a line
number I Babe Ruth
pointed at the fence in N is T is every
60 seconds so I have I have to point at
the fence and call out I have to call
which minute ahead of time and what I
have to call which minute ahead of time
otherwise it would I have to call which
minute ahead of time it's now 12 13 I
think Jack let's what did I cut my my
program automatically does it two
minutes ahead so like I called out of
213 oh fucking high that's embarrassing
anyway uh so we go to here 4 to 13 it
took a couple seconds to get it up and
running to 13 9 to 3 7 5
no no 9 2 4 3 7 9 2 4 3 7
that's the line number 9 2 4 3 7 so we
come in here 9 to throw four three seven
in
what does God say God says body for two
saith he shall be one flesh but he that
is joined unto the Lord is one spirit
flee fornication every sin in a man
knoweth with his body but that when to
commit a committeth fornication sinneth
against his own body what know ye not
that your body is the temple of the Holy
Ghost which is in you which you have a
God in me or not your own for a year but
with a price therefore glorify God in
your body and in your spirit which are
gods now concerning the things whereof
you wrote unto me it is good for a man
not to touch a woman nevertheless to
avoid fornication let every man have his
own wife and that every woman have her
own husband let the husband render unto
the wife due benevolence likewise also
the wife unto the husband temples of the
Holy Spirit
you just wanted to say that
avatar

kids took it oh you can God God said
never mind
fission amulets flattery motley Airbus
reenactments conditional abortionist
splotches viruses for our man Armani as
aesthetic routes sour torturer roomier
nacho trim lordy Orchard molecule
Morocco bullfighting MacLean
incalculably heal interstellar advisor
leverage court tourist or hardwood
certified
God said he's angry at creationists for
bringing shame with their stupidity God
God said he's angry at a creationist for
bringing shame with their stupidity why
don't you talk to God you got God
fucking look nigger go talk to God okay
look why don't you go fucking talk to
God okay you trade with them and maybe
he'll talk okay you go talk to God okay
I worked for Ticketmaster 1992 1996 as a
programmer on their operating system
God said we are the Roman Empire and
Muslims are the barbarian niggers
God said we're the Roman Empire Muslims
are the barbarian niggers
what are you talking about did you can
go you can get the best random numbers n
is T n is T has the best kilogram
Platinum kilogram all the researchers
calibrate their kilogram to n is T they
have the best meter all the researchers
calibrate their meter to n is T and ast
has the best random numbers if a
scientist wants random numbers he uses n
is T they are the best it can get okay
there's random.org all of these work
okay give me some Nobel prizes I can
prove that God can control I can prove
God couldn't control Geiger counters
computer and room number internet
research this brings in random numbers
generated or process got your mother
tube this is a Geiger counter random
numbers we can use these we can use
these we can use we can use particle
anti particles particle all these
sources God controls all the random
numbers in the universe these are
controlled by these random numbers are
generated by random fluctuations phase
frequencies
vacuum is considered space empty of
matter and photons see a virtual
particles appearing and disappearing so
these are random vacuum fluctuations we
can do anti particles God controls all
random numbers okay
it's what doesn't the question is not
what does God control
it's what doesn't God control
nigger what part little look nigger
hey fucking nigger
do you want to see something nigger do
you know what an avatar is do you know
what an avatar is I can prove that God
moves my fingers I can prove with
science that God moves my fingers and
God moves your fingers okay I don't know
how we do that all I have to do
okay so I'm gonna run this okay what we
have here is a high-speed clock okay now
if you know anything about clocks they
have to be synchronized every 10 bits
you have to have a transition and if if
you don't have them synchronized it's
impossible so this is well beyond the
human brain okay we are generating
random numbers when I press the button
well beyond the human brain okay this
proves that I am God's avatar because it
is superhuman
gushie captive sardonically brood
wariness carpooled consistency toils so
as a matter of fact my body is
controlled by God so if I write
something God can write it so that's how
the Bible was written by God God used an
avatar he made their brain think words
they wrote them down I can prove it with
this fucking program because it fucking
controls my fingers when it fucking god
fucking controls my fingers down to the
fucking nanosecond the Bible was fucking
written by God okay fuck you
the Bible was fucking written by God
okay now this is kind of dorky they
should be saying English words but just
to show you these people and says that
religions which incorporates speaking in
tongues are some of today's
fastest-growing they've managed to reach
people that the normal Baptist
Episcopalians and Methodists simply
haven't gotten to and frankly I think
there's one very simple reason there are
a lot of people in the world who can't
sit still for enough for a whole hour he
says people want to experience religion
to feel it identify him strongly with
the group says psychologist Steven J Lin
is what makes speaking in tongues
appealing to so met pastor of a huge
congregation in Florida who says his
gift is also his armor seem that a big
key okay those goofballs
those goofballs had tried to
yeah I speak English words and it makes
it works a lot better try and speak
random English words you can find
yourself saying intelligence higher than
your own intelligence if when you say
random words sometimes it's higher
intelligence than your own intelligence
but the point is we don't need to we
don't we don't need to fuck around you
know we don't need to fuck around we got
fucking a hard proof here
this is the UNIX random oxide depth
coupling Guk you see that fucking random
this is Linux random replenishing
cohesion of every crags Yahweh
besmirched reproducible speculates dag
flatten settlement Cinematographers see
show catastrophic Cox's mana totally
okay here's what you use okay it's a
space alien trading post and you all you
need to use is this Linux command ok
there you go now you can you don't need
to speak in tongues you don't need to
speak in tongues you can just use this
ok space alien trading post he said good
Lee gook didn't he you got a you got a
trade with them you know what I mean
tell him a story telling me sauce and
praise God for sunshine and flowers and
snowflakes and popcorn and any use any
file use any file any file of words
doesn't matter any file use any any word
file any word file you like how do you
talk to German use a german word file
that's all you have to do german word
file a piece of cake
the God does not speak German fulbright
principality undivided fishiest the
notation
amber bummer synthesized invested
clipboard gosh bugler dike aren't
mutineer subjection crowed tosylate
brothel frankincense ideologically tense
printer printer and drunken willingness
depraved though in Hill pawnshop goblet
camellia
okay if you don't like that random
number I got ten different random
numbers sources which one which one
would make you happy which go tell me
you tell me which random number go on
the Internet
do you want random.org I can use that if
that makes you happy you can use it I
can use it you can use it if you're
doing offering there's hot bits this is
this is this is Geiger counter random
numbers that works that works just fine
which one do you want me to use take
your pick
are they all broken are all the random
numbers broken excuse me I'm sorry are
all the random numbers broken as I was
trying to say I think that's what you're
trying to say you're trying to say all
the random numbers are broken that's
what you're trying to say you're like
fucking monkey nigger either your band
fuck you we're in a band not fucking
monkey where's that fucking monkey
okay so uh what fucking monkey
dippers sample pruning copy befitting
faithful copy house twelfth laudably
furnaces gold Bal Ganesh missed weakened
Connell cutting rep Celestine blazing
Rodney diamond hydroponic him squeegee
Sri able over drying calculus air pants
labelling blooms DeForest their
declaration
okay.you let's go
she's doing busy stuff
she's wearing a tinfoil hat
protecting your head from electrum attic
nags magnetic radiation
want to praise God what do you think God
wants tell him jokes
tell him funny ask him if he killed
anybody ask him tried and try and talk
to God oh you're banned
god did you kill any CIA niggers today
snares polyhedron Slaven Kabakov
animilitia a few entrance crap
interlinked overrated optimizing crawls
obstacles never bloomed tempted
turncoats dreamland michigan
traditionalists backlogs restarted the
splint spender blender in cursive
Burberry die finesse Lilliput ins acquit
consideration uniting proceedings
I have to go the doctor pretty soon one
o'clock

okay so I'm gonna do it I'm gonna moses
coming see if I can get God to talk ah
okay we're gonna go to blog let's do a
mother's coming
okay so this is a joke because uh who's
this uh constitute it's a dumb joke
Moses killed the Egyptian cannot be
clubbed in 36
I have to go to the doctor now Hussein
30c

not to go the doctor
it's a little early
mental health mental health doctor
okay so 36 to cut such needless to say
the doctor is a monkey the doctor is a
nigger needless to say
okay and Saul said guess let's between
them and meet my son and Jonathan were
sneaking in Saul said to Jonathan tell
me what thou has done Jonathan told him
you said I did but tastes a little honey
with the the rod that was in way in I
must die it's all I drink
God do so and more also for thou shalt
surely die Jonathan and people said to
Saul with rut the street salvation okay