so I'm supposed to do an obscene display
of 600 horsepower maximum performance
for our okay so you know our unique
we're gonna like fucking thing we didn't
put on our thinking when entertain mr.
god okay we're gonna be doing here so
like I told somebody zero gravity and
they said great
it's a way to get inspired is to sensory
deprivation no that's not how you do it
because like I tried that doesn't work a
because like what perturbation got a /
to be not goes nah so there's a faggot
what do you think you got wind
resistance mister fucking where they
call them and it depended on what is
with mr. Peggy basically so like I live
on a hill I used to like to ride the
bicycle this is fucked
this is completely fucked it's like you
go at you it's like
it's kind of weird okay because like in
Tempe I totally rode the bikes right and
it was it was flat I didn't realize that
it made that big a difference but this
is a no-go like out the door because
like it's like fucked this disc this
fucking this fucking Hill it doesn't
seem like a big hill but it's like oh my
god I do not want to fucking go up the
hill because it's just fucked so that
kind of puts it and wonder what happens
in like San Francisco and all the other
places sizzling people actually do that
shit my god we go up hills on bicycles
and hills are just fucked just saying so
I think we need mr. God because we're
not here to get inspired
so
this is good lighting captures my
Pacific at the five o'clock shadow or
some shit so uh - lanyard wait so like I
I said there was some they were taking
the dazzle off of my videos I was
tripping out because I could swear they
were like editing my videos - like there
were a certain point there was a point
where I like in my humility video all of
a sudden my face changed and I was
humble I could swear they edited maybe I
was high on drugs I don't know but
anyway all of a sudden like from one day
to the next like is like what I could
swear there was an epic change in
attitude there and like when I threw the
pinecone at the birds the other day they
like it was like edited I could swear
they panned it or some shit you know
sometimes I think it's like angels and
shit controlling the camera and
everything I don't know what better fuck
okay so like chill out because like
there's angels and shit
so it relaxed just fucking like way out
of our control
so like fucking and there's just this
and we got God fuck them up mister gosh
well guess we got to fucking fist to god
fucking so see that or I just got an
angel but anyway so like
I think so we're going to go long form
and not email this to Diana so like okay
there's a grackle you see that that's
the fucking Greco oh I used to have a
grackle shoot anyway grackles
so uh my brother Danny knows the names
of flowers he needs he loves my mom she
said but - and yeah he said the other
one didn't say hey it was not fucking
for two years what the fuck others
anyway he's name is the names of the
flowers but Danny viennese fucking
charming is both too smarter I know I am
of course what's fucked what if he like
knows different shit you know that's the
kind of thing that makes you fucking
freak out it's like are we equal and
you're like knowing some other shit just
like you look at women right it's like
it takes work to make them different
so like holy fuck
in the case of Diana it's like holy fuck
well that's a different situation
completely different the normal
situation is women are kind of like
underachiever asian chick but this is
not even on wait what so like normally
you have to make excuses for women but
uh it's like what the fuck cuz okay so
Scott said it takes work make them
different cakes to like Scott let's make
you cock your head and say hold on what
waits cost because like that's the
interesting point you know you got
angels and shit like wait a sec there's
angels why are they not fucking doing
shit what are they what are the fucking
once you realize oh my god there's
fucking angel
[Applause]
[Music]
we just went into overdrive
okay I don't know like what are the
ramifications so I go God what the fuck
why are the Angels like just hanging out
and shit
Dante bored God said we likes bored
things would you like bored I guess
after a billion years of fucking doing
the same fucking shit you commit suicide
if you didn't like bored my god whistles
crickets so maybe they're just like
designed for that shit or something
obviously because they commit suicide
obviously they commit suicide if they
couldn't handle boredom because like
bugs you know like you look at any I'd
like to pick Peter dad but he's this
business you know I didn't go to MIT for
like dad rule was let's just say the
smart person I got to associate with and
see like he was a disgusted with
Hollywood but he was always like oh it's
the same movie it's nothing original so
that kind of clued me into oh my god
angels must be going bonkers and shit
God must be no mockers but I think
they're really they must really like
anyway once you see the richness of
creation
you know it's weird sometimes you like
level up and then you like you think
you're above like you think you're above
people and any like oh my god I could
swear I just leveled up how come I'm not
above people what the fuck man
then you like level up again and they're
like oh now I'm Way above people wait a
second what the fuck you know it's like
oh my god I could swear I was leveled up
a couple times with the fuck's going on
then once in a while I get a brief
glimpse of oh my god the slums holy fuck
oh that's looks like fucking hell you
know one pill makes you bigger one pill
makes you small um so like I don't know
it's like anyway so uh you can be on a
higher level and shit so it's like oh my
god maybe the angels aren't are not
bored they're like fucking a couple
fucking five levels above us and shit
you know it's like whoa seventh heaven
and shit like what he's count are you
fucking serious you fucking count these
things I thought I got like a whole
nother level one time I was like whoa
it's kind of like born again right are
you born again if you don't know the
answers you don't know the answers
fucking no okay like what's what's this
Aaron's heaven if you don't know the
answers what you know okay
because
this fucking shit well that's like
humbling one time I saw like big dudes
you know like guys like oh my god
there's like all these people like on
these upper levels and shit like I'm in
isolation yeah it's kind of weird you
know what it's like you know the seventh
heavens are like totally populated in
shit like oh my god there's a fucking
level seven fucking angel fucking oh my
god you know oh shit
fucking like these levels are like
massive differences right it's like oh
my god you know you know like the
different synonyms third grader and
seventh grader or some chicks I don't
think it's just one grade but anyway
quick so yeah like when you start where
did all that batshit crazy theology come
from where did all that Catholic back
Creek back Creek cheesy theology come
from my god it's like what my Eyes's
joke Obama we're going to lead the world
in theology this is back when he is
being a fucking you know anyway I was
like telling morning Molina in theology
as giggling ha ha ha little fucking
scape these niggers like tell him we're
going to leave in theology no we fucking
hate delis it's gonna hear a nigger
monkey till Diana's tell him we're gonna
lead in theology this the Diana school
of theology at MIT
she's like no yes so Diana school of
theology research at MIT
Diana Davis just leave it like that that
Diana Davis School of Theology research
and my teeth wait a minute hold on a
second I got a bad feeling about this
they're not gonna pop us know via just
sounds kind of fucked the fit but the
students is kind of fucked okay okay so
they forgot this we've got the seven
doors or angels and they're given IQ
they lose from 220 to 240 and we got
this fifth order puns now get as talking
box data talked about puns write some
puns are kind of evil sometimes are kind
of good and and she's like tell me it
sparked tired or potty I'm like fuck you
God said they're tacky God doesn't do
tacky puns because it's fucking first
low-class losers because like get your
fucking tacky fucking puns out of here
because the fucking winners don't do
these fucking tacky a schmuck and show
off tons the winners be like the winners
be like fuck you man I don't even need
to do puns man I fucking just punish
your fucking head so fuck you eh
fuck you and your fucking puns put some
swagger a little faggot fuck you in your
fucking puns fuck you in your face in
your fucking punch and their so fuck you