so I smoked a cigarette started walking
back
I got a soda for a buck at the the food
stand the guy was a little disappointed
I didn't buy a burger they're really
good actually they got really good Greek
food and stuff for some reason I think
it's expensive but it's not really
expensive
Karen anyway I have a half the subway I
think well I was at some Jewish person
kind of expressed contempt for Subway I
don't know what your standards are so if
the street food might be a little bit uh
I don't know well Subway's a little bit
more I don't know it's a kind of a grimy
uh I don't know I don't know if that
bothers you if Subway's our problem I
don't know what you're going to think
about the street food but the street
food is actually gourmet some gourmet
Kiros and stuff like that I used to love
those that's like it's a great guy I
think it's great mate I don't know if he
has Greek that's pretty cool so uh
[Music]
I got a footlong earlier missus the
other half
so
so dollar for ganna soda I guess is
pretty good so like now I'm buying sugar
instead of diet
so if you're starving calories are
actually important
Diana if you're fat and this is going to
be just gonna fix that real quick this
will fix the fat does he get it walk I
walk all over over over over so 10
blocks this way to get to the library
and then about Burnside is about maybe
about six blocks that way that's a main
location that's where the that's where
some of the soup kitchens are that's
where a gas station is that it's open
all night
most of shit closes down at night that
gas station is open so that's a that's a
night is a really long time the Dagobah
goes by really fast because you're on
the computer all day night takes forever
so mostly like you're it seems like it's
mostly night on the streets alone
anyway not good anyway I get the gun
flipped me the bird
I guess it's not true whatever anyway so
that gas station is important it's open
24 hours and then so that so you got a
let's just say you got a let's say get
the library Street here and then you got
like a couple blocks over is the bridge
where we sleep and then about six blocks
over is the the gas station Street
Burnside there's a Burnside Bridge and
then another maybe six blocks is the
Greyhound station that's where there's a
bathroom and a lot of places to sleep
and TP is over there that's where you
get showers and laundry so if you wanted
to take a shower every day we can do
that the only problem is that you got to
wait for you probably have to wait
several couple hours but if the shower
is worth it to you we got there's no
reason not to I just don't like to I'm
kind of lazy if you wanted to take a
shower everyday we could do that but
because we got time to kill the library
opens at 10:00 so if you wanted to wait
from well actually you can sleep over
there right in line and take your shower
pretty quick but uh so if you want to
take shower every day we can do that -
I'm just a little bit too lazy
mmm
the irony is I'm not really doing
anything except waiting but I just don't
like to wait in line over there
so
they got about our
we were
[Music]
yeah that DPI place could be a little
hardcore I think you can get there in
the morning it's clean this is pretty
nasty when I got there it was like blood
on the toilet seat I've never seen that
before
does nasty look what do you do you know
somebody said it's like prison as it
on the one hand uh you know in terms of
you can be a smart academic person you
can be a good business person you can be
a good warrior you can be a tough guy
survivor and each of these things are
levels of degree to aspire to you know
like I think it's achievable
you know I mean think of all the Jews in
history that had to migrate and shit
people in history you know and to be a
to be to be delicate and fragile that's
not good you know so that's not a virtue
some people think it is yeah well I'm
rich without I'm rich with high
standards I don't I'd rather be that's
not really that seems like a poorly
constructed robot you know like if you
made a robot you want to be robust right
you want to goddamn robust robot that
fucking survives damaged and survives
all the elements not some pansy-ass
fancy-pants robot so like in terms of so
a person who can survive seems like a
better that's a little bit overrated I
don't know if I'm being a little bit
crazy but uh
[Music]
[Music]
it's pretty safe I already told you
I'm pretty much under the eye of the CIA
on some level I don't know who the fuck
it is but nothing's gonna happen it's
enough watched
how does odd death how death the city
sit solitary that was full of people how
she become as a widow that she was great
among nations and prince/princess among
the provinces how she become tributary
she weep it's sore in the night when her
tears are tears around her cheeks among
all their lovers she had none to comfort
her all their friends have dealt
treacherously whether they're become our
enemies Judah is going to be captivity
because of affliction because of great
servitude she dwelleth the one who
heathen she find no rest she find
[Music]
yeah if you make slaves than it makes
you have to be asleep anyway she finds
no rest all their persecutors overtook
her between the straights though the
ways of Zion do mourn because none come
to the solemn feast all our gates are
desolate her priest sigh her virgins are
afflicted and she is in bitterness your
adversaries are the chief her enemies
prosper for the LORD hath afflicted her
for the multitude of her transgression
her children are gone in captivity
before the enemy and from the daughter
of Zion all their beauty is departed her
princes are become like parts that find
no passenger and they are gone without
his strength before the pursuer