up for quite a number of years I have
had confusion on my exact reality an
example of the of okay The Truman Show
reflects an example of a of a strange
reality you know he's like you know he's
like gradually he picks up that
something's not quite right about my
life you know I'm saying my reality is
just not quite right then it eventually
he discovers his in a little bubble on
in his on TV so Terry me there's just
something not right about my reality and
I don't have any I don't have any you
know maybe one day he came up with the
conception hey what if I'm like in a
bubble and there's cameras and he had
this conception that explained his
reality what I need is some concept of
what my reality is you know what I mean
for the Truman Show guy his answer was
he's on a TV show and they're taking
cameras of him for Terry I have zero
conception of what my reality is I don't
know the simplest thing is I'm a person
is on disability and I drive around in
my car you know i buy food and I sleep
in a campground and once in a while I
talked to a person in a store I asked
them for you know I buy a make a
purchase of soda or something buy some
cigarettes
but then it starts getting strange like
like oh why does the radio seem to talk
to me like when I say stuff here didn't
rate when I talk to myself the radio
seems to respond now it perhaps I have
to explain that when it responds it's
sort of liking a sort of a code now I so
what do I mean by that when they say one
thing I interpreted as though they're
speaking in code speaking something else
and that something else is a response to
where I just said so I that's kind of
the simplest thing and then you started
getting like the YouTube videos or
popping up based on what I say here like
in the YouTube feed box okay and you
know the internet sites I go to are
supposed to be somewhat comprehensive
and yet they look like a very very tiny
world and when I walk the streets I get
a very vague sense that I'm not just
some stranger you know I get a very
vague sense that I'm somebody yeah that
they're interacting with you know like
for example a reality TV star or
something they I get a big sense maybe
that's where I am maybe I'm imagining it
so basically
it goes on and on and on my whole
reality is very confusing I I'm really
so I don't really have a choice you know
sometimes I think that uh as you mature
you just you know the speak of heaven as
a cloud you know you know if you can
imagine walking around on some crazy
like you look down and like this fog but
somehow you're walking around maybe
that's reasonable I know that was pretty
weird so uh there's always the desire to
make it real you know but you know after
20 years it doesn't seem to get real and
the whole time there's been a a verge of
making it big for the past 20 years
I've been like oh great now I'm finally
they're finally understanding it I have
a space alien the whole world or no so
yeah I'm really
let's just say I'm walking in the air
and I am and somehow I'm floating in a
way up in the air and I have no idea
what's under me I mean just just imagine
you're just like walking around up in
like the sky or some crazy shit say why
am i walking around in the sky how come
on I'm not falling you're like what the
fuck is going on your arms just sail
it's kind of like this is completely
fucked you know saying imagine you're
like walking around somehow you're like
walking and it's the goddamn sky
and like your feet are just not falling
and like you're just like you kind of
learned how to live life up here like oh
that's weird
yes there's where I get my food I don't
know some Jetsons
that's getting a little carried away but
I think well this is very strange I have
no no understanding you know I used to
need an understanding it it wasn't
normal for a person to be way up in the
sky like when I was a kid but this is
weird because this is like normal now
and I really I really don't have any so
if you had any idea how a confused I was
and yet how I just carry on you know
fuck it I guess yeah you used to be an
absolutely batshit crazy
you just live you know you're kind of
like oh well that's that's unusual a
stranger in a strange land or some shit
well I guess this is the way you do to
moonwalk like floating in the air or
some shit well I'm just gonna go over to
that fucking freak freak freak tree and
get my fruit because I figure that's out
this reality is sort of familiar but
it's really fucking completely blows my
mind like I can sort of like maybe I can
weave my hands and for some reason it
makes me say shoot up or some shit I
don't know but you kind of figure this
shit out and it's like I have no fucking
clue I just did that yeah you have no
clue what's going on and I'm just
absolutely just mind be completely
distraught blown you know and somehow I
kind of like just just
with it you know James stay happy you
know maybe I it's kind of like yelling
at a wall for a long time and like a dog
barking at the my head whiteout fucks to
do that you know what I fucking to yell
at the thin air you know as a crazy see
the crazy people on the street they're
yelling at nothing and they must be
perceiving an answer and it's all very
kind of fucked