so I'm kind of irresponsible an adult is
supposed to you're supposed to act on a
higher level then your Shepherds are
supposed to be above the sheep okay
here's the deal you remember I said if
you if you loved your enemy and you
spoil them rotten well Jesus said you'll
heat coals on their head and stuff like
that it seems to me that it works better
if you're not trying to hurt them so
like if your intention is to hurt them
by spoiling them rotten me maybe the
magic doesn't work that's not it's just
simple justice if you're so sometimes
two actions with different understanding
and motivation can produce different
justice okay so like this applies to
several things but like loving your
enemy you know I I don't really
understand the ear head there's kind of
like air head Christians that are like
love our interview yeah you know I don't
really understand it's kind of weird
doesn't really it's kinda like it's
weird okay I don't know what it is but
like there was a the the British may
have made fun of a missionary back in
about 1988 he went over to Lebanon and
he got killed and the British headline
was he loved his enemies missionary he
loved his enemies and it doesn't quite
look good you have to be careful because
God said he's he's he's angry at
creationists for bringing shame with
their stupidity so God wants glory and
respect
and that should sober you up there's
kind of a there was an old commercial
for IBM computers back in back when
there were that they were making
compatible computers that were cheaper
and then there was the IBM and and the
the commercial headline or the
commercial motto or the commercial
jingle was no one ever got fired for
buying an IBM and what it is is it's
cowardice it's kind of like the parable
of the talents you know well I'm so
scared we can't possibly get in trouble
for creationism can we it seems like it
seems like a safe bet it's like it's
it's coward logic right coward logic is
well no way can God punish us for
creationism God saying fuck you okay so
it's it's cowardice you know and you
should that should be a heads up you
know there's a thing I realized I've
realized this grace phenomena the angels
will you know how if you're asleep and
you just kind of sleepwalk and you do
the creationism but if you get a heads
up that holy shit we got to evaluate
everything for stupidity and so now
suddenly you're if if that if
creationism was wrong we can't afford to
live as zombies suddenly we have to be
at our highest mental state in all of
our thinking if that was if that was
wrong it's like whoa that's a wake up
and then oh that Oh that'll wake you up
and so now you're gonna be alert and
that higher state where you're you're
running you're running close to the edge
of your ability that's where you get the
grace thing I was trying to explain the
other day I tried to throw a rock and
use the Jedi force and the first time I
just threw it kind of like like
just hoping for luck with no no effort
that's kind of like the creationism
where oh well just sleepwalking it's got
to be safe
the second time I threw the rock it was
with with it's hard to explain but I
tried I tried to use my ability and get
on the edge and you know what I realized
I was singing with my voice and if your
voice cracks the nearest analogy I can
give for this phenomena of grace is if
you try to sing and you push yourself
right to the limit but you don't crack
your voice and that's that's what grace
is that's so it's so so the wake-up call
from creationism whoa now we got a like
now you got to go through life and make
your voice not crack you gotta like you
gotta be you gotta push it to the limit
and not crack your voice that's the
alertness and stuff but then I realized
hey wait a second this is like Satan
bringing me to the top of the temple
like Jesus and saying if you bow down
and worship me I'll give you all these
vast domains and so then just kind of
like hey wait how did I become a slave
hold on a second here why am I gonna go
through life pushing myself for this
grace so I think you might wanna well
anyway it occurred to me hold on wait a
second here obviously it's like oh this
is awesome if we do this grace thing we
get blessing supernatural blessing hold
on a second you just made yourself a
slave did you realize that suddenly
you're sucking Satan's cock it's it's
not Satan at some other angel it's like
hold on do I really want to be a slave
to an angel you know it's like we can
promise you a nice complexion and your
eyes your eyes will be good your health
would be good but it's like hold on a
second here yeah but I'm fucking sucking
a cock all day long I'm trying to like
keep my voice from cracking and pushing
it to the limit it's like hold on hold
on wait wait
wait maybe hold on hold on a second you
I just woke up a slave hold on