so good and bad balance in life if you
if you do any meditation on what the
fuck a monk is thinking like a cassock
herbart Zuckerberg what do you think a
monk is thinking Zuckerberg Sean I have
no idea they're complete idiot
no they're not complete idiots you gotta
like do some forensic psychology how
could you get bunch of people to give up
good things you know it's like what the
fuck Zuckerberg think about this how
long before you say fuck this if you
have any you have any wisdom you learn
we can't tolerate shit if you're not
getting results it's only so much you
can tolerate without results matter of
fact God said that uh kind of ruins the
sacrifice when you start getting results
like if you start seeing your face
improve like Moses or some shit
suddenly it's not it's not it's not as
noble but something like that so like
yes Zuckerberg Zuckerberg hey we what do
you think of those those monks that like
you know they give up all the good
things in life so I could berg's like
are complete idiots like you really
think they would like do this like for
year after year just for no reason it's
like yeah you're fucking complete idiot
so like
this is this is some fucking classic
Divine Comedy okay Bill Gates says um he
says uh life's not fair get used to it
that's the funniest divine comedy I have
ever fucking heard okay that's pretty
fucking the minors here's the VLA how
many one-hit wonders are there okay so
you know you know why you have one-hit
wonders
let's do a little bit analysis here okay
highs and lows balance good and bad
balances if good and bad balances you
got a poor Liverpool boy it's poor
suddenly now it takes it takes a special
kind of person to to be a two-hit wonder
three it wonder you know what that
person has to do they have to keep
themselves humble basically have to not
indulge because it basically ruined that
you know so like so I was thinking about
this and it's kind of like but then you
get kind of an ugly thing where you
don't want to take rewards that's kind
of fucked
[Applause]
it's like it what do you fuck you but I
think it's kind of like you know what's
God gonna say it's like no no don't
reward me don't reward me God's got this
fuck you I won't
good um so uh yeah there's kind of this
weird masochism there's a lot of people
that are crazy Catholic masochist it's
like what the fuck man
this is kind of like you ain't quite on
a rational level on the other hand I
don't really I don't really know if it's
better to be rational or not because
like if you get to starts getting ugly
both ways man can have the crazy
masochists like what the fuck man you're
freaking psycho man you got some sick
issues and God's probably just going to
say fuck you little retard fuck yourself
that's what I do if I Scott go ahead
take this fucking masochist fucking you
know looking anyway I don't really know
if I don't know the so then you get some
crazy Jew or something's like let's
document all the laws of justice
uh you know really got a bad feeling
about that I think you just want to like
you know anyway so like Rob let mr. gun
so like yeah I don't know if you really
want I don't know if you really want to
get to two wise you know so said nose
hairs leaking nose hairs if he knows he
knows too much and the AP knows too much
even new shoes so I'm talking like Seth
wrote as name Seth Rogen Phil house last
yeah like that guy said okay so so we're
going to do the the readings okay so
like my mom was like a Lecter like
turned like per lecture like burger so
and mr. Dodd says the one thing we can
change a wise man is strong in a man of
knowledge increases power this may shock
you but I believe the single most
significant decision I can make on a
day-to-day basis is my choice of
attitude it's more important in my past
my education my bankroll my success or
failure Fame or pain what other people
think of me or say about me my
circumstances are my position the
attitude I choose keeps me going or
cripples my progress is it alone fuels
my fire or assaults my hope my attitudes
are right there's no barrier too high no
Valley too deep no dream too extreme no
challenge too great for me yet we must
admit that we spend more of our time
concentrating and fretting over the
things that can't be changed then we do
giving attention to the one thing we can
change our choice of attitude that's
that but you know this book has really
helped me a lot I you can see I fucking
read it like it's better than the
fucking Bible I think so actually
but anyway so like Charlie choice of
attitude yeah Chuck Swindoll wisdom for
the way give it to Diana as a birthday
present so this is better than wedding
ring
what Oh No did you flick what you Siegel
anyway it's like a choice of attitude
it's like what yeah there have been
times where like I've been stuck in hell
it's like no I know what I can do I can
change my fucking attitude there's a lot
of truth to that