but it's God's official temple God
designed it and so nothing can stop it
I'm just giving you a heads up you know
CIA you might want to adapt to the new
world order because you fucking missed
the end of the Cold War and you fucking
missed the return of God God's going to
fuck your shit up nigger
the CIA missed the end of the Cold War
and they missed the return of God he's
gonna fuck your shit up we have to
entertain God that's the purpose of the
universe is to entertain God if you're
not entertaining God
you have no purpose except to take care
of the people and entertain God God like
soap operas okay so CIA is going down
the CIA has been cluster fuckin
everything but say hello to mr. God
nigger
the New World Order mr. Gaad is the boss
and I'm high priest we the world
entertains mr. God so guess what there's
a nigger on this website
these motherfuckers keep I wrote a
fuckin these motherfuckers keep I wrote
a fuckin compiler who do you think knows
what they're talking about these fuckin
niggers is a immediate addressing I
wrote my fuckin compiler I can do these
things you can't because your nigger you
not write your compiler the difference
in a professional and an amateur
operating system is writing a compiler
if you did not write a compiler it's
amateur i Ticketmaster we wrote the
compiler difference in professional and
amateur operating system writing a
compiler I've been a professional since
1990 anyway
so these motherfuckers trust me you are
not in my league
I wrote a fucking compiler you call me
God cuz you're not in my league niggers
with attitude don't even know their
natures so over at OS dev as usual
they're pissing me off by
misunderstanding my code they have said
it won't boot it kid there's no way it
boots it's been booting since I started
93 anyway so this is basically they
they're trying to start my Connell I'm
assuming they're talking to me and
they're trying to start my kernel
without doing it the correct way okay
okay so for some reason those sons of
bitches cannot do their are everybody
else hit yes yes yes if you're in a
virtual machine hit yes yes yes and
that's all there is to it for some
reason they want to boot it in box or
whatever that debugger thing is they
can't follow simple instructions box is
some kind of cluster fucked thing full
of bugs that none of them mine has been
64-bit since 2007 thought so they expect
me to debug box for them I'm not going
to debug your stupid your thing doesn't
matter and you have a hard disk that you
bought in the last 10 years you want 42
that OS dev they're retarded they're
evil they make them they make the poor
kids do sector head cylinder arithmetic
they're fucking evil they're they're
sabotaging them none of that shit yet
there hasn't been hard disk that small
in ten years and it's even harder it's
easier to use the DAP you should tell
that God they're wicked fuck
the OS dev CIA evil fuckers making the
poor kids use cylinder-head sector you
want to use interrupt 42 and if Fox
doesn't do it then get the hell out of
box that's that's the evil they said
they'd sabotage waked fuckers anyway
they're making all the poor kids
oh well making them all reinvent Linux
and stuff so I'm kind of wait okay go to
the hard disk and advanced IDE one one
why did you put it on
there's IDE zero there's IDE zero zero
one one
I'm not kidding these motherfuckers play
musical chairs with the fucking disks
they put the hard disk ok let's see that
one zero one one they did this just to
fuck with operating systems they don't
want the CIA doesn't want anybody from
China or India making an operating
system ok novelist to get the SATA ports
it turns out that say the port interface
is kind of old-fashioned they're not
going to do that anymore but as soon as
we kick the shit out of them with divine
commandments they are going to do shit
like that but anyway anyway so it's now
think about this what we really need is
the well here's what you need a king you
be king to kick the shit out of the evil
CIA here's the New World Order that the
guy so uh so when I am King I'm going to
kick the shit out of the industry and
we're going to standardize this shit and
we are going to here's the new world the
new world order we make the hardware so
that temple OS is glorious and minimal
we make the hardware to make temple OS
glorious that's what we do that's the
new world order
I went looking for it how can I transfer
Ubuntu from mistake to a new okay do I
swear it was like a 12 step process and
if it's 12 steps I really don't think
very many people are doing it it's like
birth control if you make car seats and
if you make children a big enough hassle
that causes birth control and if you
make a big enough hassle to install
Linux you can kill Linux by just making
it 12 steps and so I'm going to command
the industry to quit don't even think
about tiny desktops the virtue of a
portable is smallness the virtue of a
desktop is powerful you want powerful
you're it's like your compete you're
confusing what your strengths and
weakness is the CIA is making the
desktop think it wants to be small
no you're it's like a man who thinks he
wants to be tiny no men should be big
and the desktop should be big it's
powerful and you got them all confused
gender-confused you got tiny desktops
what why are you making nobody gives a
shit about a calculator size desktop no
that doesn't really do anything I got a
fucking floor space I got I want to I
want a monster computer and they got rid
of the cd-rom they don't like that they
want everything in the cloud where it's
under lock and key
the little motherfuckers we're gonna
kick the shit out of them God and I are
gonna kick the shit out of the CIA fuck
them up
they got everybody wanting wristwatch
desktops why the fuck would you want a
risk watch desktop the virtue of a
desktop is power big big screen full
keyboard big mouse power horse power you
don't make a pussy desktop what the you
evil motherfuckers you got these poor
confused little stupid kids wanting a
tiny desktop the hell are you doing and
here's the problem if you make a tiny if
you make a Celeron then suddenly little
Timmy's game that worked on his i7
doesn't run on his neighbor's Celeron so
you got to have everybody with powerful
desktops all desktops must have eight
cores we're going to standardize this
shit that's what we're going to do