hey Dad dig I'm going to the store Beach
there's there's perfect justice you know
oh no that's it for me to put a shirt on
fucking new sure we not getting raped in
heaven there is no beer that's why I
drink them here and when we're gone all
my friends will be drinking all my beard
in heaven there is no beer that's why I
would drink damn here and when we're
going from here all my friends will be
drinking all my bed in heaven there is
no beer that's why what are you fucking
talking back to me fucking Putin fucker
I'm not bust a little bit I remember I
can make it to the store I'm not that
budged that I can't fucking me to the
fucking store to get more beer all I
need to do is get to the fucking the
store to get oh what if I got fucking
pulled over I hate when that happens and
then they fucking send me off to do well
fuck it
oh I almost forgot too fucking close to
fucking garage door oh my god close mr.
drew door ok yes mr. garage door is
closing now in heaven there is no beef
that's why I drink them here and when we
got there all the friends were drinking
over here boys
[Music]
in heaven there is no beer that's why I
ever drink them here anywhere we got for
me here Oh fuckin double bishop oh my
god
Oh doggies in heaven no beer that's why
I am here anyway god I love this car
he's fucking cars fucking righteous okay
look yeah okay just gotta keep it in
your pants
you gotta fucking you know are you
watching me Booton you're fucking
talking back to me
this is fucking heaven fucking we live
by the fucking the test site will be a
fucking Poland we can fucking we fucking
live in fucking heaven and heaven and
they'll be God's perfectly just as I
have to remember God is perfectly just
God is perfectly just in heaven there is
no beer that's why I would drink damn
here and Wayne was off here all the
friends will be taking over there is
heaven there's no beer what are you
fuckin nigger Bucky you fucking here
monkey in heaven there is no beer that's
why we drink Oh Eddie haha okay fuck you
don't get pulled over his leg the state
frowns upon sodomy and never need no
beer that's why I would oh god this is
fucking righteous I've been so pent up
ha ha ha ok picked up ginger Airy wood
hmm and then we go to the penitentiary
and then we fucking meet the fucking
penitentiary bitch and then we fucking
with fucking rules of fucking
penitentiary and then we are the fucking
righteous fucking panda oh fuck well
this is it I think we go this way and
never no no me
that's why I would drink damn you what's
my blood alcohol Gandhi I don't know
it's kosher
I'm completely kosher you know this
what are you looking at me bitch this is
fucking completely kosher we are fucking
just happy as fuck because we have not
had fucking beers in fucking forever
we have been squeegeeing the fucking
beers oh can I have a beer in heaven
there yourself
Dianna has a big orgasm terry has the
big drunk oh my god terry has the
fucking big drug the big drunk from
fucking hell
how are you doing bitches fucking okay
okay we will not gun it and go through
the fucking intersection is they frown
upon that just like oh this car fucking
fucking kicks in and it fucking roars
man this fucking car roars ha
yes fuck your righteous yep we're in the
fucking second lane here in heaven there
is no beer that's why we can't do me
anyway we're out where are these Oh get
up kitchen kids kick righteous in heaven
there is no beer what I didn't remember
there's any kids what are you doing
bitch that's it that's your barrel up my
mind as long as your gorilla Papa keep
his dick away from the fucking white
woman we fuckin happy with the gorillas
mama hey bitch you fucking entertain
your fucking gorilla cuz he fucking he
fucked up he's fucking wrong heaven man
okay in heaven range dude
cuz like fucking the gorillas mama just
fucking ruined it for fucking everybody
man
you know the gorillas mama she fucking
what did she do she fucked a fucking
gorilla and then fucking no more fucking
heaven heaven is over it's over bitches
his fucking we're back and we are
fucking righteous as fuck man every
noise though is we are fucking righteous
[Music]
here's a car I like cars fuck oh fuck
pert pert pert bed with his bed boy I
fucking love this
my dad is fucking bed to the bone he
made the fucking Titan he made my dad
made to fucking take missile what the
fuck is that holy fucking shit what the
fuck is that
I don't know what the fuck that is what
the fuck is that
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
[Music]
and heaven there is no beer that's why I
was going down there and when I got on
from here I'm saying it over give it all
to me in heaven there is no beer that's
why I would drink down here and when I
was gone from here one friend will be
drinking all the beer in heaven there is
no beer that's why I would drink them
here and wait oh ok
in everything there is no beer ok
right I think I remember this like it's
11 right
okay there's 11 and then there's 90
that's enough right cuz heaven there is
number are you doing it okay are you
doing
okay that's fine are you doing I think
okay in everything there is no way this
way thank you
yeah we're gonna wait on the friends
we'll be drinking all the beer you know
that song mother fucker
just fucking bastard what the fuck just
happened man the fucking beers I hate
when that Jesus fuckin Christ can you
fucking believe that shit oh my god
the rail line onto of that and to
viewport short box
[Applause]
[Applause]
where's my fucking camera
[Applause]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Applause]
hey are you still there I don't know
yeah cuz like hey righteous dick like
are you still recording
you are still recording Oh a holy
fucking shit
yeah fuck you how about that's it what
is this fucking shit here
it's fucking weird it's not necessarily
homo that drunk it's reading that drunk
fucking this fucking says 400-horsepower
fucking maximum performance fucking
fucking it's out throttle fucking kicks
in right goddamn this fucking righteous
fucking fuck
look at what it's got like a delayed
reaction man fucking roar god damn I
never had a fucking car he's fucking
rorish rorish is it oh god is fuck his
teeth my woman is a screaming machine
she okay fucking good racer to the
ground oh it's a killer machine got
everything got moving
tires and moving lungs get everything I
want her I need her I bleed her
oh she's a killer machine she got
everything
oh she's a killer machine she got
everything
then nobody gonna take my car gonna
reach this B - and nobody gonna break my
car you'll break dust be decide who's a
killer machine guy everything I can move
the entire big factor fuck yeah fuck you
wanna play chicken no no that collision
oh you fucking playing chicken ok nobody
gonna take my car gonna break the speed
of sound oh it's a killer machine got
everything
like a moving tire body control
I love it I need I'm fucking that a
stick my head out the window man I
fucking got a stick I can't fucking keep
my head in the fucking car
cuz this fucker goddamn or just
motherfucker fucking no count to the
count of 10 and then push the button and
then stick your head out the window
[Applause]
[Applause]
all races and then we fuckin burnt it
you never got that nigger monkey shit
there righteous