we're on a mission from God
so you're gonna sit you're gonna sit on
this this is my cheap camera holder it
doesn't work very good but it works so
you sit there so yeah I worked lasted
since like for driving since age 21 so I
didn't drive for like ten years
like his it's totally weird okay so is
my parent's car so I know I didn't have
a license for like ten years
it's like I lost it from speeding
tickets it wasn't from hitting the CIA
near so anyway so we want to eat some
sheets so I talked like this his name
Seth Rogen I don't know what his babies
do
get a grip there
just like Carrie fucking Davis mother's
top polish pretty very chic up their
trinkets police escort sometimes no not
anymore
they used to be that shit leave the
house fucking crazy CIA shit like The
Truman Show you know the cars sometimes
it happens then you're like you go
pisser no no don't do they like you you
know like The Truman Show and like all
the cars are like harassing him it's
like fuck you
that's like poltergeist okay it's like
all of a sudden all the angels are like
fucking possessing the people around you
and it's like fucking the cars are like
that's what that is
that's poltergeist so you think we'll
get any paranormal activity dude because
I don't know it's just not paranormal
activity season wood yeah I forgot how
to drive fuck it's been like 10 years
this is like a stop sign
okay we're gonna became heart so it was
like a big adventure I went to help my
parents off at the airport like back in
November like oh my god fucking major
stress the freeways and shit oh my god
after like ten years and shit fucking
pussy shut up it's like there's this one
really bad turn these cars legit fuckin
shit
so you know it's weird I went to Kmart a
couple days ago I almost completed this
mission but then I realized oh fuck I
don't have enough money like actually
the weirdest thing happened like I spent
all my money and I was like shit
I got 280 dollars in my account if i buy
some sheets the motherfucking angels are
gonna fuck with me just to fuck with me
and they're gonna cost me to have an
expense and then I'm fucked so I was
like no I can't I fucking can't buy
these fucking sheets so I went I checked
out the store and I did not buy them I
didn't I didn't find him oh my god like
I don't leave the house cuz like I'm
like a monk so like this is like it's
like an ordeal and shit's like no
century overload - in the grocery store
there's like a there's a song to hide in
a grocery store it's totally like that
like I'm not high you know let's just
fucking go go go go fuck you motorcycle
they say about the time I yeah I am
just to fuck with people I hit a cone
and then I liked it I liked in my rear
view mirror and like a motorcycle I had
to dodge it it's okay dodged a fucking
wood that's why I collect disability
because you never know crazy shit
happens you know like you go crazy shit
what do I do where's your car okay fuck
fuck fuck
stop okay ready 1 2 3 joke go go left
the person in the right goes first this
is to cut the right away at a stop sign
so look away
wait there's some woman's what did they
do it in shorts and shit that's like I'm
seeing what the fuck it's not like I
walk her in and fuck you obscene fucking
shorts and shit oh my god
so like there's nobody here it's really
weird the fuck which is his Sunday
yeah a Sunday it wasn't it wasn't
anybody here the other day dude it's
like whoa okay ready one two three
she's what totally you think this is
weird but it's not weird fucking like
the other day I discovered I couldn't
see what those fuckers on so like ready
1 2 3 go
so we got it look like a Nazi freak
because like that's the best angle is
the Nazi angle so we get
okay you hide for the grocery store what
if you keep filming here
no no it's against a lot like I went to
mental health and like they wouldn't let
me feel you
we know where we're going actually
because I don't normally to have a clue
but I do today because I did this before
it's like too high for the grocery store
hey I should do some other shit what you
put your mom
did you get rid of shit
do that oh fuck where are we do you
store that's a song I'm gonna put it on
my website
do you guys for the hair shoe sir this
is gonna take forever upload it's a long
video I mean oh look at this shit okay
so this is like mind-boggling no Q hi
for the grocery store fuck look at this
shit
this is what legs like my dog ripped a
hole in my sheets and like my mattress
and my parents got these protectors it's
like that's fucking nasty waterproof
mattresses shit oh my god but it's a
reality but yes
isn't that wonderful I have a lot of
proof interesting so like where do the
fucking sheets that's what we want we
want pillowcases my god I get the
fucking piece of shit pillowcases pillow
so I didn't get some pillows no I got
fine pillows you know maybe you
shouldn't you know it's really nice to
get like matching shit but like I don't
know you get cursed as if while there's
a dead person that's weird you gotta
leave that fucking dead person
we got here all right you got lost or
anything doing what the fuck is is she
okay how hard can it be
this is the fucking one thing where's
the fucking other thing okay it's not
here okay what is this is this sheets
this is sheets isn't it what the fuck is
is Justin Bieber whoa
we got like majorly what the is this
don't like slaves look what are these
fucking ring whole thing my god what a
fuck is it what is this shit these
fucking ring Oh what the hell is the
fuck is this what is this shit oh it's
like curtains like tripping out okay
yeah like I bought shower curtains it
was like a real like I went on a
spending spree in 2003 cuz like I had a
71 thousand dollar salary administrator
they hired me again you know like quit
after like three weeks you know it's
really fucking poor getting money from
my parents equal and opposite so like oh
man I was I was like fucking trades and
spending spree by my parent's standards
my parents are like psycho what fucking
too high for the grocery store I'm gonna
fuck you just fucking okay we're okay
what if failure is not an option
skin you see you're putting towels
there's no I can't fucking read the
sutras lungs signs is you what are we
got here no the other answer okay no no
no no don't fuck around it's not there's
not they're just kind of looks promising
haha bingo fucking found them I can't
believe it okay we got 20 up three
pillars or pillows the same size all the
time yeah standard pillowcase oh I get
to choose a color okay like my floors
are brown God's favorite color sigh and
what if we make them oh that's not
allowed this is my parent
house no I choose colors why don't you
choose colors just fuck yeah say a man
of course say in in you know you want a
conceit teal Sam aside no just what is
it what do they call it huh what do you
call it huh what do you call it it sits
fucking so yeah oh I like this how about
that looks good oh holy shit what if we
have like your set with like sheets and
everything okay is confusing we're not
gonna get three pillowcases that's gonna
be fucked how are we gonna cuz like I
don't know I like I have a big I like
fucking three pillows so fuck you why
cuz I don't know what kind of person
that's embarrassing
that's like a vice you know what I'm
saying it's a three-piece flakes feet
shit shit shit I don't understand it
gives dimensions that she okay 38 that
sounds about right
it's 36 74 good thing I measured damn I
was smart wasn't I
okay so what are we got six six times
six times 12 is 72
yeah it's about perfect didn't it that's
this is the fucking size
I was just bullshitting but this is the
bright one yeah think carefully
twin three piece flakes sheet okay what
do we got here flakes no leaf it
mattress nine to twenty what the fuck is
nine to twenty inches
what nine to two oh that's way too big
we only need like four inches but I
don't think we have a choice you know
where does we just wrap it around
underneath that's what fucking do you
okay so I like that color
yeah that's the color man I don't I
don't care that's what I want I want
that I want it what if we shop like my
parents shop are you kidding me fuck
fuck
shop you fucking break yeah what just do
it
fucking note don't doddle okay okay
fucking - let's just be what the fuck is
this three-piece with the what do you
mean three-piece one fitted sheet one
flat sheet oh yeah the other thing you
do not even use a flat sheet for a while
Jesus Christ what an animal wait so uh
pillowcase oh no one standard pillowcase
you're gonna be shitting me where are we
gonna get the other two you you know
what we can do white want you just do
white that actually works you know why
because you can do that because like I'm
a mother I'm a little bit French and I
know how to I know how to design colors
so like white would go with this white
would totally go with this the white
fucking pillowcase is gonna be perfect
just like there's a matter of fact
there's one pillow that's an odd pillow
and the other two are even pillows and
so like weird fucking white
just fucking there's not an option let's
do this shit don't go you're on the time
clock we're all down here fuck uses two
standard pillowcases oh my god oh shit
standard standard I don't even know if
there's any sizes fuck out your standard
let's do it
fuck you we're out of here we don't want
to be uploading this forever
I'm recording
so I don't wanna be waiting it's just
going to take another line
so
it's good like fabulous I got my wallet
in my front pocket because yeah I like
forgotten how to use a it's like a
adventure cuz like didn't drive to like
juniors so late whoa cash machine like
oh yeah
I like to use chat I like to use cash
just like that won't ever I went to the
soda store and like yeah
I went to the bank and the CIA niggers
turned off the I walked all I walked
like two miles to the bank and they in
the bank machine cash machine that the
computers were down it's like oh my god
I walked two fuckin miles I want can't
fucking miles and a fucking that the
computers are down so I'm like no I'm
gonna use cash I am never gonna get
stuck with I'm never when you're walking
you don't want two computers to be down
you want the peers to be down so like I
use cash for up
I get like 200 bucks and I use cash like
the CIA thinks I'm trying to hide shit
like the FBI is like he's a drug dealer
no I just don't I just don't like
computers just like I buy like will i
buy late yeah two dollar purchases get
my shift Boyardee your stuff I walk to
the store buy the soda store I go to
anyway so like this can be an adventure
sometimes I what did you do it in here
huh oh yeah see that's what I'm talking
about okay let's do it
no no no what are we doing here what the
fuck enter enter what's looking at
listen hey do you know the route cart
yeah like these are new to me
payment approved he's from newkirk ok so
like Diana thinks I'm I want used to
work Oh
thank you okay so you can totally run
and nobody cares
it's disturbing the peace so let's see a
niggers paranormal shit you got the
fucking CA you see that shit man
I get the nigger fucking setting off the
alarm shit that's fucking what the fuck
with me all the time
where's my car fucking car got - oh
there's my car I don't even what my car
looks like so like wait you see that
shit man looking
deston fucking paranormal shit man of
course the fucking alarm goes off with
me huh didn't go off with me nigger he's
working here
Terry you gangster
wow that actually uh wasn't too high for
the grocery store okay not too shabby
like sometimes get lost in there like
one goons are you like I'm extra
cautious except for them they like you
it's like
there's a motion I have grace I should
try and do that that's like do it the
right way
not the fucking lazy you know I'm saying
like Terry why don't you fucking drive
like a fucking white man and fucking
don't
just fuckin drive like a fucking fucking
want you fucking drive from here to
there in the minimum distance and don't
fucking be drive like oh damn it fucking
stop saying that shit okay hard care be
okay there's a median go go go go go
they're fucking paranormal shit okay oh
fuck fuck fuck fuck you fuck your
fucking person fucking plan this shit
man
fucking paranormal shit now that's
fucked up you see that shit fucked it up
it's fucking crossroad shit man you
fucking missed your chance and then it's
fucking and then you end up in another
parallel universe and you didn't have
that chance because he fucked up and B
you died because the man salaat killed
you because he has the grace now we got
a choice of either go straight or we can
go to the right I think we go straight
because better man wins and you got the
crossroad shit I'm saying okay I fucked
this up sometimes they like have a merge
and like suddenly you get a delay and
then it's like back to the mainstream
you know I had that happen okay so like
crossroads right go no go and then
depending on what you did get an outcome
no the weird thing is there's a there's
a video game called dragon's lair and
it's actually as a matter of fact it's
actual fucking video discs
it's fucking very ironic very ironic
it's it's dragon's lair it's like
Knights and armor and the fucker is
playing video disk segments it's playing
segments of video
fucking that is totally fucking ironic
just fuck because that's how I picture
it okay when you're a knight depending
on what decision you make at the
crossroad
that's totally fucking how it works get
the grace which seems wrong you will do
what I say when I say back to the front
let's try that again
you will do what I say when I say back
to the front you coward you serve it you
blind man back to the fruit dad okay
like if you do your voice right you can
be a monk and like your voice doesn't
crack because he you don't crack your
voice because you know just how much she
go you should play it drops out on other
drums to that
well if what I say you will die what I
say you must die back to the front
parking of machine-gun fire he used to
it somehow what
it's better than just being boring come
on it's better than being boring like
Steve Mustaine there every fucking is
from Megadeth was doing a tribute to
Chris Cornell he totally fucked it up
let's go did man do it that was awful
they did like that they did like he did
he did out shine he did outside right he
did like it they he just they played
like the it was like shortened they did
it on really short notice and they only
did like the first part of the song I
mean it sounded recognizable and
everything but he totally they totally
did a shitty ass job and what that was
that was somebody holding a mirror okay
we got a green light don't fucking trip
out okay
this is fucking not suicide suicide l
hear they got get head on what the left
turns like coolly like go suicidal sit
there okay the left turns go totally
suicide
it's like CIA put like crazy not suicide
chicken you gotta play chicken when you
just it's like it's totally like every
time you go in there's fuckin playing a
game of chicken with the oncoming left
if somebody else is making all that turn
oh look the critical thing here is you
gotta stick your head out the window
oh there's people there see I'm really
good at this it took like a year to get
rid of this just fucking crazy look
whose neck it's funny so
until we have to I'm not gonna stop you
have to fucking do it
just what do you call that one the other
I'm back
what do you call that one like the knife
is hot no that's not what you when the
knife is hot okay so you can hang out
right there I think this is trash for
any reason this is not trash no this is
fucking trash does it sorta traction I
think it's fucking trash my parents are
gonna fucking enough dude okay
distraction wait a minute
nobody need some music no no no please
anyone get copyright fuck can't dvz work
has to have music when you're doing
nigger work the the Union the Union
drywall people could not