hi I'm Terry Davis I'm the smartest
programmer that's ever lived I was
chosen by God to make his temple and I
was given divine intellect so on let's
say you have an integer I and you say I
equals one two three four
there we can see one two three four in
the hexadecimal 4d2 now if we stay I
equals eight there you can see its ASCII
4165 okay in temple OS my compiler will
put together multiple characters in a
character constant we don't do unicode
we do ASCII 8-bit ASCII not seven bit
seven bit signed ASCII is retarded
anyway so we do 8-bit ASCII 7-bit ascii
signed ascii is retarded anyway so uh
now there was a nigger who came up with
this idea well that's pretty nigger
licious the way we do it is we just say
hello and we use and we use this goes to
standard out and we use the printf so
the way we do it so to print see out so
we make a statement like this
I hit f5 there we go hello hello hello
okay so uh if we do you can imagine what
do you think this is going to do okay so
ABCD let's unassembled this and here we
have we have here here's an ASCII a what
they called a put char then we have a
string where they call to print we have
a put char print put char print okay so
as a matter of fact we can have up to
eight characters in a in a character
character constant so as a matter of
fact we can we can get this done with
I'm just going to look look at that
pretty nice huh so let's let's make sure
it runs right there we got ABCD at the
bottom right see the ABCD okay so um so
you can see we we don't have to have the
name main we can say demo then move and
we can do demo
you do demo several times we can do do
this okay so I'm the smartest
programmers ever lived anyway so what if
we have I'm going to show you so the
most important thing in programming is
naming so let's call this that's kind of
ironic you caught me off guard
switch demo how about that okay so the
most important thing in programming is
naming the most powerful statement in
the C language is the switch statement
this is the most powerful the best the
best statement in the C language is the
switch statement that is the most
powerful statement I don't this is kind
of a okay so I'm gonna we're doing hey
maybe you want me to to make this well
anyway I hope you'll forgive okay why
don't I do this correctly
well I okay so I'm doing an
example that is
not not the best way to program
obviously okay so uh so let's do this
simply print one tonight and what
happens if we do 20 let's see what
happens if we do 20 we get one through
nine zero through nine okay so uh how
does this work a lot of people the CIA
wants you to think it's nothing more
than if-then l if-then-else the CIA
wants you to think it's the same as if
else it's not the way a switch statement
works is there's a there's a lookup
table in it what it does is it it looks
up in the table and then it jumps ahead
to some code to a segment of code and
then the code jumps to the bottom to a
common location to continue here we are
we're calling to put chars and so forth
now notice here do you know why we have
this compared to ten why is this
comparison to ten here okay so the first
comparison I RSI is the local register
variable now why is this comparison to
ten here do you know why that's because
the switch only has ten a range of 10
now what if what if we what if we were
only doing up to 10 we wouldn't really
need 2 compared to 10 would we
but in there's no way to signal in
normalcy there's no way to tell the
compiler that you're not going to
violate that so you know you know what
Holy See has okay look at this
so this this the code size is BiBi okay
the code size is BB Holy See has a has a
syntax for a switch statement that's
that doesn't include the arm the range
check the switch statement without the
rain check
now the code side is Assizes b1 and it
no longer has the comparison to ten of
so um that's why I'm the smartest
programmer that's ever lived now
furthermore I came up with a so a lot of
the improvements to a language or kind
of junk but I came up with some genuine
improvements that if you can improve the
C language that that shows you're a
genius
who's smarter than every programmer
that's ever come B I am smarter than
every programmer before me I am smarter
than every programmer before me do you
wanna know why I'm smarter than every
programmer before me because I have
improved the C syntax in a way that is
not nigger licious any nigger can make
some nigger feature but I've improved it
in a way that's not nigger licious okay
any nigger can make it nigger licious
I'm the smartest programmer to ever
lived look at that you see how we got
those now how is this coded okay so the
it's pretty clear that it doesn't jump
when it hits a break and it just jumps
down to the comment now I had to do
something I'm ashamed of I had to put a
call to some tor subroutine that I stuck
right here I'm kind of ashamed of that
and as a matter of fact God just
questioned my judgment he said Terry are
you worthy to be the man who makes the
temple if you are you must answer is
this nigger licious or is this divine
intellect and that's the question
I'll leave I'll leave you with that you
know Google they asked you interview
questions well the kind of question I
face on the job is is this nigger
licious is this too much boo doo for our
purposes for our our mission statement
our mission is to be a modern Commodore
64 is this too much voodoo that this is
the OP this there is this is voodoo the
question is
is this too much and that's this is the
hardest question you could ever face in
programming this right here is the
hardest question right here right here
is the hardest question in programming
is this too much food ooh for the next
ten centuries as for God's official
temple holy holy see this is the hardest
question in programming right here okay
there it is hardest question in
programming